You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can see as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and never nobody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphytes.
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that was dropped somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany . .
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bollywood.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in Stanford, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they beat up to bleeding every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life when she allowed me to enter the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working on organizations who fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, at night, I got a phone call from that teacher, the Post Post who said,``I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that of adults we never get to know.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man that I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to help you with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see it, we laughed, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
And we found a place, we interviewed it, and we took care of it and take care of her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to meet me, it became a benefit box, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was presented in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today was a lot of this today.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first tapes.
I was amazed.
My heart pounding quickly, was sitting, trying to understand what was in front of me.
And I put them up to me around the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't even think it was a snowflake on another snow year after year.
The bonds are born when they get away from the glaciers or they break the ice walls.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to surrender and melt up to the end, while others can't make it more and fall down in a dramatic of dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, that you are isolated apart and alone, largely as we see sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, , I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a eardrum melts water fresh water fresh in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these paths as if it would be about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments exist, and they will not exist again.
It's not death when they melt; it's not an end, but a continuation of their way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the pinks that I photograph is very young -- it's a couple thousand years old.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I'd like to show you is a iceberg that photographed in Kellyfish, Greenland.
It's a little bit frequent to get to a regular iceberg.
Here it is.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts rolling, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a board of Greenland, average size.
It's about the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is real time.
And so, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of the confidence a baby . Okay.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want them to stop in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about conception itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X-ray chromosome.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm joined the X chromosome of the egg.
Both of them come and start life.
We'll talk about them later.
I tend to make two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a background of training, and what I study in this case is the way people noticed the anatomy -- I mean, human bodies and animals, how the body fluids have considered, the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body.
The other role I performance in my work is activist, as a patient advocate or, as I say sometimes, impaction of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with simulated twins, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with an email; people much lower than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit in the male schemes and conventional feminine.
In general lines, we can call it intriguing.
Interviewer adopted many forms.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in the male or female forms.
For example, there's the case of the individual with the basic X-ray, which is the SR gene, and it tells the protected, that we all have in the fatal life, which become testes.
And then in the fatal life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual comes from testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of instability to angiogenesis.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops a typical female course.
When I was born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing tests, they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome . .
The important thing to understand is that you can think that it's a man, but it's actually not that.
Women, like men, we have in the body, something called supermarket glands.
They're in the back of the body.
supernormal glands produce angiogenesis, malnutrition hormone.
Most women like me, I consider a typical woman; it doesn't know their chromosomes; I believe to be a typical woman, most women like me are sensitive to angiogenesis.
We produce angiogenesis and respond to angiogenesis.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the angiogenesis that the woman who was born with testes that have the syndrome of individuals.
So sex is complicated . It's not that the investors are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a certain way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call from a 19 year-old boy born and raised as you would go; I had girlfriend, and sexual relations with her, I had a life like a boy, and I just discovered that I had ovaries and uterus.
It had an extreme way of a disease known as a subtled spring hypertension.
I had chromosomes, and in the uterus, supernormal glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were male, their brain was exposed to the typical manipulative component.
I was born with a child, no one suspected.
And it was at the age of 19 when he started having medical problems caused by internal menstruation, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of an intolerance case.
Some people with chromosomes develop what's known as a venues, which is to say, you have a direct tissue wrapped in testicular tissue.
We don't know what it happens.
So, there are lots of sex.
The reason that children with this kind of bodies -- whether they're flat, similar twins, or international surgeries are subjected to normal surgery, not to be able to gain a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that it's a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity; supposedly, to be black, means having African anatomy in historical terms.
Very simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with category.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about the individuality.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept of individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people within one body.
The most agile case is last year with the South African Coaster Shrink, and he was in cloth of trial his sex at the Berlin International Games.
A lot of journalists called to ask,``What are you going to do to determine if Casey Smith is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that don't exist such.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a line between men and women or international and international and international, we are us who we brought that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more advanced science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that were matched directly with stable identity categories -- they're much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also, in terms of race, something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get into a scanner terrain.
Let's look at, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to tell about the fact of them in just a few nucleotides?
And as we make progress in science, we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the fields of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the fetus.
There are very income discussions today -- maybe not in public, but in the middle of medicine, when somebody is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to visit them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of a pen, you put a pen in front of your nose, and if you move it, you didn't understand it.
If I stopped moving it was.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma of actually determining someone's death, and this puts us into a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could pick someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, defining people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it puts me nervous.
And that these categories are so much more unstable than we think about me.
Think of the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a federal fervent of the founding parents.
I know they were racist, they were sexy, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did, , that I find every so much looking at that music,``177"and not by music, which is totally possible.
That's why it happened in 1976 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first anatomy activists and explain why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept over 200 years.
And as everybody remembers, what our founding parents were rejected was the idea of monarchy . The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world's monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power came to the right of blood transmitted from grandfather to father and then the son and so on.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They got the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomical differences . That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an illustration system where two things were going on.
He was getting democracy and at the same time was born science.
And it remains very clear, if we look at the history of the founding parents, which many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power, which is because of a very vague idea of birth right.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, talking about nature and nature of nature.
They don't talk about God and nature of God . .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence, they were broadcasting the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next years?
And women succeeded.
Then he came the success of Civil Rights movement with people from the Warner Trust, who said,``I'm not a woman? ''
We found men on the rows of Civil Rights movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, color people who would take an anatomical coincidence about anatomical difference and, again, they succeeded.
We see the same thing with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidence, we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions.
But, attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we had to give up the anatomy.
I don't mean that five years old were allowed to be allowed to have sex or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings in the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both conceived in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
So let's imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months before time, June 1 , 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms: was born on March 1 , 1980.
For the only fact that I was born three months before Mary is attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that, not because he has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
And we find other barriers in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- -- -- I've not told you whether it's NYU, in virtue of being considered man now is possible from the mandatory entropy that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, for his part, doesn't have the same rights to the marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advances so much in the field of the anatomy that we have to admit that a treaty-based democracy could be amazed?
I don't want to give to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is escaped.
Where are we going?
It looks like what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude: ,``Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But many people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosomes and that to marry a woman, you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice, they don't do the wrong tests of people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told at the beginning of the syndrome of institutions to angiogenesis.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``I have to do a solution.
It says that we should judge people,``based not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character ,"going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say,``Yes, the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice, how does it do?
How do you judge people based on content of their character?
I also want to point out that I'm not sure we should be based on this to guarantee people's rights, because I've got to admit that I know about some of the social services that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some labs that I know can make more informed, smart and mature decisions about their sex relationships than 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the character content?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me wonders what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still driving this thinking stream in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will do good work in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to be killed, unless he's willing to join a sex change, in which case he's allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm happy to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a little bit of simple twins, and then separate them and so to get his fame.
But when the phone asked him the reason about the operation of operation, it was a very risky operation, and I said, in that other country, these kids would be very abused, and therefore I had to.
And I said,``Well, have you considered political asylum instead of surgical separation? ''
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be in your head.
Well, to conclude I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think what democracy would be like, or as it might have been, if we had given greater participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist, and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomical technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, because I've been interested in intolerance, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about traffic studies is that women, on average, not all, but in average they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
Years ago, when I was in grad, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in in feminism -- I thought I was feminist, as I was a strange plant.
\" Tell me what the feminism is . ''
And I thought,``It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with describing gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I've thought about your question, the more I think there's something female in feminism.
I mean, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, if the parents were very attentive to figure out how to protect people in the part of the state, it's possible that, of having injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy: think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect unit, let's think about what we do for others.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with one city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth a lot more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver it to the world, perhaps hundreds, new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replacing them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of you who would like to live in apartments already were owners, and the other half still would be able to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to make malaria in all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that would face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the discomfort and the distraction distraction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those amplifications.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, and when the rules of that place facilitate construction instead of getting treated.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform zones to contain cities and gave them a name: low cities.
And later I learned that at the same time, Javan and occupied were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 historians would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honduras went through a developed constitutional crisis.
In the next regular election, Penz London is appropriately imposed with a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked October to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perception, trial and error, and a lot of evidence with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and encourage all of the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need both technologies like norms to progress, and usually the rules that prevent us.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Java.
They called me.
They said,``Let's think of this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December, we met in Miami, in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York . Look at it, in some cases, it's worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the TEDTalk video . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a low city is a place where it starts with depressed terrain, a state that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way that our country advances.
He asked me to go to Tagget and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Just this airport cover over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the hosts that to build a new city, you've got to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world applauded.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said,``Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the TEDTalk video.
I have this here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essential thing -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you could be in Honduras, instead of hundreds of miles away to the North.
And it would also include new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honduras government would need help from associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them to establish and make the status meet, so that everyone could trust that the status effectively gets fulfilled.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily pull about a thousand square kilometers.
And shortly later , 19th of January, they voted in Congress to establish their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow these special development regions.
In a country that just went through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress for this constitutional amendment was 124 to one.
All the parties, all the factors in society, caught it.
To include the constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
On February 17th, again in another voting, from 144 to one.
Immediately after the voting, from 21 to February 24, a 30-year-old delegation was to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's being built in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after four years spent four years by getting permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in practical mode, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and it would be allowed to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the ultimate state court for this new judicial system.
There are urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that they've solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who wanted to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
There are 700 million people who say they'd like to immediately change another place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go get a job, and sometimes they're single mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even kids are trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it look like to be inspired for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say,``TED . ''
I'm Jesus, and this is my courage.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession, that, I live obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photographing and publish in my blog, and you were bold and colorful and different for every time.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is from second hand markets and second hand stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my guard in the environment and in my wallet.
I come to know interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause; my appearance is unique;, and buy becomes my search personal quest.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it going to be my shop?
Will I like color?
will it cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to my valley, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what brings someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of underwear, and nothing else.
underwear for exactly a week is all I've put in my value.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else I'd like to use after getting here to Palm Springs.
And because you don't know me as the woman who walks by TED in inner clothes, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost see you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket, cost me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost biologically impossible to be from bad humor, when you're looking at a bright red pants.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: the integration is supported.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
Just self.
If you surround you from the right people, not only understand you, you'll also appreciate you.
Wednesday: the child you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems like I play discoveries, or I remind you to your seven-year-old.
I like to smile and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: trust is the key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't look at you.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: : A universal truth for you: The golden lentils go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: I'm going to develop a personal style and only a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came to me this week simply so I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this isn't going to go into my little valley.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to be excited to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful and brilliant suit, , if there's a little bit of love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the fitness of every hemisphere, we could design a plane of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So, where would your brain run on this scale?
Some of them would choose for one of these extremes, but I think for most people in this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great attitude in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, which like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite logical to match these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We put them to play with them, and then we see how they react, and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
And a certain intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only on one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing on a parking parking bar.
He was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, he always fell . .
But I bet that the playing with that parking bar taught you a precious lesson, and that is that the big things don't allow the traffic to stay in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all sorts of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it the quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, the physics was a few years ago; they needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't go very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it didn't fit right to my logical part.
Because if it's all made out of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't we all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow show that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a overlap of quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit . It's right at the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the small metal trick.
So what we see is a little piece of metal, with a training form, and that supports a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I started to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this work with form of swimming painting that's found under the device.
This device has the ability to be in quantum overlap, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a storm full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people are going to stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or, actually, scared.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey companies of inanimate objects are not just people, , it's also the light that shines it and the wind that goes on the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal piece to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turn off the lights, then we introduced a vacuum, and we extracted all air, and then we cooled it to a temperature of less than a degree by absolute zero.
Now, when you're just in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly, I was vibrating, and the way I vibrate was like a breathing in this way -- as a function that expands and contract.
And by giving a gentle push, we were able to make it vibrate and not vice at the same time -- something that just happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you about is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrating thing and not vibrating at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillions of atoms that make that piece of metal are still, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain times when those are aligned.
In the rest of time, they're crazy.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Really.
It's worth focusing on a clean room to do this for all those years, because, , look at this, the difference on scale between one single atom and that metal piece is roughly the same as the difference between that metal piece and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not you?
I mean, it's my logical part that talks.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time, how would that be?
How would your consciousness act if your body was declined in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we switched on the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw the metal followed there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all objects on the elevator are actually quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound than that . .
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things you surround you, literally define who you are . And that's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amita.
And 18 months ago, I did another job at Google until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who's here and that allowed me to take it.
It took me 18 months.
Lots of negotiations and stories, I assure it, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories why we did it.
I think my own story is just explaining in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
As a great education, I wasn't complaining, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and go to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working at Google, I try to really make the desire to make it more accessible by technology . .
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than it shows the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So simply, we go to Google.
Look around all the museums there are.
There is the Upparticity Gallery, the MoMA, the Embrace, the Rhyston, Van Gogh.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to Metropolitan, the New York art museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and, bam, we're inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombay or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
You want to navigate the museum?
We open up the plane up, and with one click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
Keep it forward . That's fun!!
explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Coastest ,"by Pieter Brentandow at the Metropolitan.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all metadata information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the germinatory technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10 billion pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10 billion pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 billion pixels.
It can be made around very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to make it deep.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this seems interesting . ''
I entered and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I looked at a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called``incomprehensible, which is to hit a time with a stick the Tuesday Tuesday.
And it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get deeper to deep and you can see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go away the picture, so you really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump to MoMA in New York City.
Here's another one of my favorites,``The night star . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintbrush?
And if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
You get it up, and it really does.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is``the skiing night ,"I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things here, but I don't have time to show them.
This is the really cool part . It's called``collections . ''
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that's the same.
You can only create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come into, -- I've created this function that I call``The Power of the Commercial ,"-- we just made a zoo around.
This is``The ambassador"at the National Gallery of London.
You can note things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you're feeling about by contemplating these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope in this digital medium, I'm going to make justice to its artwork, and that's appropriately represented online.
And the big question that I'm doing today is,``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's all . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm an Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom, , but the reason I show you this is something really interesting happened in the Formula 1 careers in the last two decades.
Some time ago, if you wanted to win a Ford 1 career, I took a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what, in engineering, it would be called real-time control systems.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an accident.
What's interesting today is that the real time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming a free air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and connected.
The cities is something big.
As I notice, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detection and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paul Annonymous for purposes of year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called``Talk".
Well, our objects, the environment, begin to talk to us.
In a way, it's like almost all of the existing atoms become sensors and actuators.
And that is completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
It's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo dream.
You know, when Michelangelo sculpted the Moses, it says that at the end, I took the hammer and threw it to the Moses -- it still can still see a little box underneath and said screaming,``Excuse me? ''
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insist in the idea of capturing the environment and action something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer of the last 2006.
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of Z gave the head.
And anyway, I finally won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the Tribal River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The timeline is at the top.
In the late late, there are people over here and there making calls, moving.
It begins the game: silence.
Gold in France . Google from Italy.
So, I'm going to do a quick call, and it goes to the bathroom.
Second time . End time.
The first extra time -- second.
Zim, at a moment, the head.
Make Italy, yes!
That night everyone went to celebrate it at the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day everyone went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of the time.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massacre where, from the room, people will celebrate; it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but of things we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the impact of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project, we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in their shift for the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were throwing; different kinds of things, as you can see, things that would anyway.
Then we put a little chip, a tag, to the trash, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results obtained.
Part of Seattle.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of implications in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist before.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if you look at every day that the cup we're going to do doesn't disappear, that is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we're going to do is still still there.
So if we show that to people, then we'll be able to promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Assumet Birdband, could tell us much more about detection and many great things we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something that we did a couple years ago in Zariam.
It all started with a question of the city mayor, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was: how can technology, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was: imagine that you have a cup and valves, loneliness, legs that open and close.
It's created like a curtain of water, with water pixels.
If you fall the pixels, you can write on them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open so that we can go through, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Beijing mayor.
She liked it a lot.
And he gave a commission to design the building to the entrance of the expo.
We call it the Digital Water pavilion.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no windows, no windows, but when you approach you open so that you can happen.
The ceiling is also covered with water . .
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the boxes, it goes down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like this case.
Those days, there will always be somebody, in the winter, when they go down the roof, somebody who was there and he said,``Do the building . ''
No, it's not that they have proven it, but when it comes down almost all architecture disappears.
Here it is in work.
You see people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I'm trying not to get wet by testing the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all sensors stopped working.
That night was actually more fun.
Every child in Zariam came to the building because the way they interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was opened up to let me go, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes, and you had to jump to not getting wet.
( People )") And for us that was very interesting, because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of use that people will give us our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is an image of the building with physical pixels, water pixels, and from projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, moving with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible display like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and sizes, in different types of resolution.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pills in 3D where you can zoom up, and go through, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the true controlled flexibility, going down to form a V V View.
When the light goes on, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bell one of the best ballet dancers today, the Metric star of New York and the Milan School and the Milan School to capture their movements in 3D and use them as an entrance for the Freedom.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left, you see the pixels, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as movement capture.
It can rebuild the whole movement.
You can get all the way down.
And once we have the pixels, we can play with them, with color and movement and gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the fever.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics in London.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of clouds like the farm of a grain, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could get everybody to donate a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened over the last few years is that in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may be that we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow may be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how to move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but it's covered with pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, you can serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So, it's so much a physical cloud of heaven as something you can go up, as a new top of London.
You can get there.
Like a new digital party at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more accurate, more accurate, faster one.
Or maybe they'd like to be in better way, to be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
How about living good health?
Or maybe it's those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience member: Creativity .) Creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
A few . It's probably due to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many will choose memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most people . That makes me feel very good as a doctor.
If you could have some of this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been an issue here at the TED Conference, but today I want to give you a doctor's gaze on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, Tokyo . Hollywood, who also joined in the Russian Orthodox Church, wrote a trial called``Nothing in biology makes meaning except the light of evolution.
But if you effectively accept biological evolution, you consider this: is it just the past, or the future?
Does it mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well at an extreme, is, of course the most interest.
We have a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There have been maybe 20 different species of hominids.
Some of you have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem that we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemically invisible, which comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all carry into the most bacterial intestine than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times.
I mean, do I think -- when Antonio Lama puts them out of assignment, they think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very agile.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that they can want without effort of their part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional infrastructure of some force of the output.
But, by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future do?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or destined to become different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief component -- the animal kingdom, as one single and unique companies, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I first joined college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell simply divide, and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters.
But when the multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that the genome happens, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of death death comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death for sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I was going on, it had more doubt.
I got to understand George Burns's feelings, who still acted in the Vegas well in their 90s.
And one night someone hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him, he finds a wonderful light dancer dancer.
And he looks at it, and he says,``I was looking for a sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"he says George,``I choose the soup.
I realized, as a doctor, who was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive, just different.
I was trying to preserve your body.
He wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to reclaim health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and healthier.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary standpoint, you and I are like design rockets to send the genetic charge to the next orbital level, and then let the sea fall.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said,``I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the strongest, or the fastest and even the smartest.
Evolution favors creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the tropical bacteria that can survive the heat of the smokers that would produce, if there were fish there, fish color, but they've managed to do that a foster environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's going on in evolution and if we're going back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution and, in particular, if we look forward, to the next phase -- I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've built our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrate, we circle, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation that evolution happens.
A second possibility is that a traditional kind of evolution is produced, natural, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution roll off, but they're incomplete.
And in terms of isolation: when we as a species, we collect distant planets, and the environmental changes that can produce natural evolution.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing, scary possibility.
The so-called neuroscience, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions that we'll take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women . .
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's elected in the individual and family level.
They also think that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their offspring, ,, in their own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases.
What if we could do the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the app?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in your genes?
If you look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued 13 years old.
It cost 2.6 billion dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost near the 20,000 dollars and in a week.
It won't be a lot to be done for the reality of the human genome for $1,000 and more and more of the scope of everyone.
That changes come.
The same technology that human insulin has produced in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe it or not there is an experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the tobacco?
That's true today and the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine then only two other little changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your offspring?
What if they could change the sperm and the eggs, or change the newly fecal egg, and give their children a better opportunity of a healthier life, eliminate diabetes, eliminate the hydrocartore, reduce cancer risk?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same motor of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases, is going to allow us to also embrace hypertext supernovae -- a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings on everything if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why not have a faster concentration muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we are in conditions of passing this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have become the evolution of before in the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happens within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren are going to have them.
Are we going to use these options in a better, more successful, more considered society?
Or are we going to selectively choose different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more variable?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about everything: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions wisely?
For good or for bad, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making clear, clear, clear.
Close, clear, clear, clear . It sounds terrifying.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the 10th.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had seen the airplane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot flies the airplane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
He turned out the engines.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noise . .
And then he said three words.
The three most skilled words I've heard.
He said,``prepare for impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
He was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people who I wanted to get and didn't, all the things I wanted to repair, all the experiences I'd wanted to have and I never had.
As I thought about that later, I came a phrase, which is,``Collective wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'll open it up.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life . .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we came up with the George Washington Bridge, which was not for much -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a great weight.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, I've tried to get better in everything I did.
But in my humanity as well as my ego.
And I regret the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people that do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonder.
I don't try to have reason anymore; ;; ;.
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock is going down,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water approaching.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, die doesn't fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness came into a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- yet, . And scream, cry, like a small.
And for me, that was all the reason being the world.
In that point I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent.
Over all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I got a miracle, not to die that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and go back and live differently.
You who are flying today, the challenges that you imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please don't -- but imagine, and how would you change?
What do they do, who still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever?
How would they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great one I worked on was for this guy . .
The guy is called TEDTalk.
TEDTalk was one of the most important graffiti in the 1980s.
One day he came to his house after running and said,``Dad, I feel an ant in the legs . .
And that was the beginning of ALS . .
Today TEDTalk has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
Her job influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously the graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony, TEDx, and to his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and father and I said,``Let's give them this money.
What are you going to do with it? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to be able to talk to Tony again . .
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``One second, isn't I looking at Stephen Hawking that all people with paralysis can communicate by those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you are somebody important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do they communicate then? ''
Does anybody see the movie``The Harvard and the butterfly"?
They communicate in that way -- they're getting with the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I came up with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that I signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover.
He engaged me with his brother and his father there at that precise moment,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back and do his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside can't communicate it . ''
So I talked at a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GDP``graffiti Research Lab ,"who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then, with a laser pointer, draw about that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art installations like this.
All the things that appear, they say, are part of a life cycle.
First, they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the Bush attacks, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so the journey started.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organizations, and so much to move things from one side to another, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TEDTalk could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing, and I call it America because when I talk to the guy, you get an email of it, and you say,``I don't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was we bring seven programmers around the world literally of all the corners of the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved into the back and these hackers and the programmers and conservatives and analysis took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we were doing something completely stupid, and when we're going to get back, they would have taken off the frames of the walls and instead would have graffiti.
But for two weeks we showed, we went to the sea of Venice, my son was part, my dog, and we created this.
It's called Einstein, and you can see description.
It's a couple of cheap sunglasses that we bought in the shipping ride of Venice Beach, some copper wire and things from Homer Department and Radio Shack.
We take a PMS camera, we open it up, we put it on a light of LED, and now there's a device that is free -- they build yourself; we publish the code free, the software goes down in a free way.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There's no hospital that can say``no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome.
So at the end of two weeks we went back to the TEDxolph room.
I love this picture because this is the other person's room, and that's his room.
There was all this building and sheep during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions all night, Tony came back to drawing for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the station of the hospital.
And he went back to drawing for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and he would imagine what was the feeling in parking.
The funny thing was that we had to break in the parking, so we felt like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he said to us,``This was the first time I draw in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue me and get out there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then, in December, the Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what's finished to close the circle is that in April this year in the MEA General in downtown Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called``Art in The Street . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best experts of the Bruno urban art, Sheigh Fey, Cameeves all are going to be there.
TEDTalk is going to be in the show which is quite impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Letz nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I did nothing with hidden recognition technology; I just recognized something, and I was associated with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that we all do every day when we find something that we feel to do . If it's not now, when? And if I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in very difficult situations, and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to prison -- hard.
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous.
I filmed war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been emerging in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to examine social issues in ways that seem attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that they look in and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands and the sponsor wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took a bird in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some of the Twitter, I offered the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What had been the next thing:``The United States NASA present: My TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about, you could exploit it in your face, especially if you put it in ridiculous to you or your company when you do it.
But I said this is a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a degree in progress, by the way.
So even with that wild, I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't have been able to give them certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we tested the world of marketing, advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've gotten in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate, for something as difficult or as dangerous as to go to the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Spielberg: :, I want to make a film that tries to be the collection of products, marketing and advertising, and that the whole film is funded with a collection of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call``The largest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in```` The largest movie ever sold ,"is that everything up down at the bottom, it has a brand images, all the time -- from the assistant that appears before the title, the X brand . .
Now this brand, Calcutta Studio, the States Center.
These people are going to be associated with the perpetual film -- forever.
And so the film explores all of this idea . (Michael Kaplan: It's redundant).) That's what? (MK: It's redundant).).
I'm a redundant weight . (MK: I.
It was``To Perfect . forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the X brand path in the title, but we're going to make sure we can get all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used.
The most great car that you've been driving in``The largest movie ever sold ,"the best tragedy that you've been drinking,```` The greatest movie ever sold . ''
obvious Koran: The idea is, then, in addition to showing the brands as part of life, making them finance the film? (MS: So, we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The whole film target is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, at the end.
And I would love that Germanian help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Guy: However, I don't know how responsive it's going to be.
SK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle's very negative, but you know how is it going to replicate? (MS: No idea ."David Cohen: How much money does it take to do this?
MS: One million and a half . (DC: All right .) John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard to meet with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
SK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that film comes out, we see a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Stuart Rufus: Most of the answers will be no.
MS: But will be hard to sell it, by the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: -- it means you're not very optimistic.
So help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Okay .)!.
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge) When you look at the people you have to treat.
MK: We have some places to go . (MS: Okay .) Turn off the camera.
MS: I thought,``Turn off the camera"meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
It turns out the camera means``We don't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS: And so, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media and the separate media scenario, is not the idea to tell that new vehicle worthy of attention that's going to bring the message to the masses?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a guaranteed mistake and that error was this.
Actually no, there was no such mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem is what this image represents.
See, when you look for transparency images in Google, this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your way of rolling, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable -- which is characterized by the visibility or information of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, president the name, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it comes to make it really, it changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear -- like that weird bear that still continues.
It's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is risky?
I'm going to eat an entire bowl of Cool White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story, and they said,``No, we want you to count a story.
We want a story to tell a story, but you count our story . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me at some lie -- and there he's looking at me as he used to do it said,``Son, there's three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and there's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just one company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that's just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kerry from many years ago, I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take away the intermediary and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started warning suddenly, which I started to realize is that when you start to conversation with the companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films, huge, giant, giant films that make small films, independent films like mine.
And my friends who make large Hollywood movies, giant, say that the reason their films are so successful is due to the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the movie is called``The largest film ever sold . ''
How are we going to specifically see B in the movie?
Every time I'm to go out, every time I open my button, you'll see the Descarter Bay.
At any time during an interview with somebody, say,``Are you good fresh for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you to calm up.
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there I would offer you one of these fabulous pictures.
So much``Florida Fusky"as``Park of paradise ,"they're going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman -- solid, balloon, in bar, like it.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a productive view.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
Similar to the kind of smaller movies you told; we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brands have.
So doing things like that, you know, remembering people, it's the reason why this is interested in.
MS: What words would they use to describe Dan?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Volunteer: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the armpits.
Man: We talked about something audacious, fresh.
I think``cool"is a great word that actually puts this positive category versus``combat the smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you fresh.
How do we stay fresh? With better fresh, more fresh, three times cooler.
Things like those who take the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-tend company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, the people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: My brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: revive the 80, public publisher unless it's day of laundry.
MS: All right, what is the Mark brand?
GB: Something unique . (MS: unique .) Man: I guess the type of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, many gray gray and things like that.
I usually take accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic convergence, Mercedes Benz.
Man 2 : 2: The brand I am, I call it a calorie flight.
Woman 2: Number 2: In part hippie, in part of the Kharehu, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
selling the pet toys in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand . .
In my little sector, that's my brand . .
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I put the market.
Man 5: Facebook March France.
Is that something?
lawyer: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand, but I often rank me in the dark intersection of dark glamour, and I fly.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help me understand what they call``branding personality . ''
And I found a company called Will Zalila in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Neuron, February, Hallande to discover that brand personality.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
Abita: The photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family picture.
A, tell me a little bit how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way of being.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are originated, and they start in a place, and in my case, they're originate and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A, what's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is,``This was the best day of my life . ''
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being?
MS: It's like who I would like to be.
I like different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A:``Why"-- what does that serve us?
What's the male? What's the piece of paper you find now?
Why is it important to reset? What is the red?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other mathematicians have you had?
You don't have to be afraid . What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Thank you . No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great work) A: :: (MS: Thank you very much .) A.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all of this.
Linda Zalva: : The first thing that I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality; brand Mozambique is a constructive brand.
They were very well stuck together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature to avoid things that are not safe; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually get it up and make them become positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is classical, Apple.
And you can also see Tag here, Wii, Min of Mini Cooper and Mathao.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands, those things that have gone and come, but a decoding brand is something quite powerful.
MS: a decoding brand . What is your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality, what would it be?
Are you a scary attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a descending attribute?
A little more calm, reserved, conservative?
Older attributes are like being playful to be fresh like the prince, contemporary, adventurous, fearless or audacious like Error Florida, fast or agile, profane, dominant or mystic as Gandhi.
Or are you rather aware of descending?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 700,000?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protective, you identify with Oprah?
Are you trustworthy, stable, familiar, reliable, safe, sacred, contemplative or wise, like the Dalai Lama or America?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, students and offspring, who said,``No ,"they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
We were allowed to tell the story of the neocortex, and we came to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as film.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned the outdoors.
Throughout the city over the last five years, there are no values, no posters, no steering, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are running in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects I've had the most answer or the more I've been more successful, are the ones I've been interacting with.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the intermediary, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you have gone? Did you succeed?
Well, since the movie gets stuck at the Sundance Festival, let's take a look.
According to the movie, the movie is stuck in January, and since then -- -- and this is not all 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a two-year period.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The movie was still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in transportation.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad, because almost all the agencies we talked about, they would advise their customers not to be part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that, you're pushing them to failure.
I think when you train their employees in the aversion of risk, it's preparing all of your company to get a reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can be done.
Ultimately, I think we need to give fear.
We have to put that bear on a cage.
We make fear . We're going to take risk.
From one car at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And, in fact, we have to bring transparency.
Today, more than a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk,``Let's take the transparency"has been presented by my good EM friends, who for $7,000 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EM: It turns big data into big opportunities for companies around the world.
EM: Let's show the transparency.
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: : So Morgan, in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those 7,500 dollars?
MS: That's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a check on behalf of the TED matrix organization, the Sapling Foundation, a car for $7,500 to be applied to my TED for the next year.
The idea behind the Studio computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the uranium rise plant in Natasha.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we managed to commit these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put a Windows effective virus in a laptop used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stuxnet.
We started with a Windows incubator.
The sheep goes into the gray box, damages the centrifuge, and the Iranian nuclear program is democratic; it's mission.
It's easy ,?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started investigating about Stuxnet six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part: the installation used multiple disease vulnerabilities.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That was called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what happened to this.
So they passed very strange things.
Now, Stuxnet behaved as a laboratory rat that didn't like our cheese: I wave it, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors, I realized, and I thought, this is a targeted attack.
It's completely directed . ''
The student is looking at actively in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If not, Stuxnet does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It might be, say, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the target soon.
So we extracted, and we found the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs: a small and big.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They know all the dots that I'll attack.
They probably even know how much the operator looks.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Stutzon student is complex and high-tech, let me tell you, the load is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
So here you see a sample of this attention code.
We're talking about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old landers.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called the function of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we look for the tools and data structures and we tried to relate them to the real world, with potential goals of the real world.
We need theories about recipients that we can approve or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent shack, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousand goals in that area.
It basically boils down to the Bush nuclear power plant and the emergence plant of Natasha.
So I said to my assistant,``Give me a list of all the experts in centrifuge and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them and made them an effort for making their experience with what we find in code and data . data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital sheep with the control of the record.
The record is that mobile part inside the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this rotor, you can certainly fix it and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and hide in an obvious effort to get crazy to maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital divide looking at the data near data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 164 is on that code, you can't be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centers are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 160 centrifuge.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attack code?
It's almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had among hands.
So there's no misunderstanding.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up with no exit, and we had to go back to start.
Yet, we found that both digital birds were pointing to one single and same goal, but from different angles.
The small sheep is taking a waterfall, and making it spin the rotors and relaxing them, and the big eye communicates with six waterfall and manipulating valves.
In addition, we're very confident that we have determined what the daunting is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha . .
We shouldn't worry about other targets to be achieved by Stuxnet.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and it's up to the top.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still run during the attack, with false entry data.
And believe it or not, this false entry data are released by Stuxnet.
It's like in the Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security camera feeds it.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just going to go to the operators in the room of control.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to fix a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in a energy plant, when the large steam turbine is happening, , you must open escape tubes in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're engaged, then bad things can happen.
The plant can exploit.
And not the operating system or the security system will notice it.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with centrifuge, with uranium emergence.
It could also work also, for example, on an energy plant, or in a automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as an attacker -- that will disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stuxnet.
You could also use conventional worm technology to disseminate it.
It will disseminate the most possible.
And if you did that, what you end up with is a fragment of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences, and the better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, public has been done in many sides that people assume the Moses is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Long: Okay, really want to hear this?
Yeah . OK.
My view is that the Moses is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There's one one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise, our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for us . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take, and I give you sub-Saharan skills, or another one that makes the wheelchair users go back and walk again.
In Berlin Bionics, we call these robots, exoskeletons.
They're nothing different from something you put in the morning, gives you a great force, which is also increasing your speed, and help you, for example, to drive the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other foreign entities.
This is not an unreal idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier, which, in average, has to take on their back, a 45-year-old load, and it's being asked to bring even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the issue.
So let me introduce you to Hollywood -- or Portuguese Human charges.
Soldier: with the Hollywood exoskeleton, I can cover 90 pounds per single land for many hours.
Their flexible design, allow us to put in cartoons and execute movements with great agility.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then raise my strength and my resistance.
Edith Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
So, it's a reality.
Let's go back and look at the users of wheelchair users, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people roughly, in wheelchair, around the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talked about something that is often happening, very young people, with damage in the backbone that when they start their life -- 20 , 30 or 40 years old -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that I'm aging quickly.
Their only option, many times -- for a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been for the last 500 years, from its successful emergence, as I have to recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the EEG that's using Amanda Bottlement who was 19 years ago, he had a lesion in the vertical column, and as a result, he couldn't walk back to walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Botchani: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EEG, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the onboard computer, here on the back.
There are also some batteries that provide the motors in the hip, and in the knees, and they do it with this soft and very natural gait.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing it down.
In a fraction of second, I lost all feelings and all of the movement of pelvis down.
Shortly later, a doctor walked into my hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you'll never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last ounce of hope of me.
The adaptation technology since then, have allowed me to learn how to slow down on skiing, climbing rocks and even riding in hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that lets me walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit down and talk to you . .
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the lives to future generations -- not just soldiers, but Amanda, and all of the users of wheelchair, everybody.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the French Man festival or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of wild bonobos from Congo forests.
Bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now the chimps are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying types, the Bonobo society is in charge of females.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence hasn't yet observed.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the Internet itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been prolonged for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting meat of hunting and deforestation make you can't fill a stadium in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure that.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter of the trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the apes``love, not war ,"because they have frequent sex, promiscuous and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Shara Survey.
Bonobos, like humans, they love playing throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a child game.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- interactions of interactions, behavioral diversity, diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human rituals.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild medium.
First of all, it's a styles game, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution.
Look at what she's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase: ,``it's got it grab from the balls . ''
Just that I think in this case, he loves it, right?
Yes.
So sexual play is common in Bonobo as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play, and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun thing.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can adopt many forms, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is rediscover.
And I want you to see -- this is Fukushima, a young female, who's playing with water tremendously . .
I think, like, we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a more and more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation combined.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we take the maximum our game capacity?
The game is not frivolous.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it looks like the least appropriate playing, they can be the moments that the most urgent thing is.
So, the primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, combat fires as a captain assistant in a volunteer bomb.
And in our city, where volunteers are completely qualified, you have to get to the fire site very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But still there was a career on the foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was focused on a conversation with the property that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were in full night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a umbrella, in pajamas, barefoot, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I've just arrived before I was, let me call him album Luther, first to Captain, and he asked him to go in and save the owner's dog's dog.
The dog! I was so jealous . ''
There was a lawyer or a management of money that, for the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I entered a building in a call to save a living one, just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a seat.
He said,``Bezos, I need to go home.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and I bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway, I went to the real firemen, and that height was more or less out of turning off the fire and entered the main room in search for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my payload back through the staircase where I met my News and the precious dog in the main door.
We took out of the house for the owner's owner, where, as to wait, his treasure received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the owner of the house, thank you for the brave effort demonstrated to save your house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that someone had reached him even a pair of shoes.
Both in my vocation in Robin Hood as in my voice as a volunteer, I witness acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also from acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved, or they're going to get, remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: don't expect.
They don't wait to win the first million to make a difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, let's do it now.
They serve food in a dining, clean a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So they go into the game; they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, go back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big fan of concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1858 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LIGO came up with this.
It was called an automatic assembly.
And within a few years, the LED bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LG made it accessible.
LG simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in Bell Labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of static brick bricks, each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much larger and more complex circuits, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: : The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing limitations.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Little literations are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're prepared to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they come together by magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
bricks have a color code.
The green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with one green, and very quickly you can start to make bigger circuits.
A blue one is producing light.
We can put a button in the middle, and so we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse module, that's here, and now we have an intermediate light.
We added this timbre to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple game, liberals are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connecting and sonar, friendships allows us to program very simple intuitive gestures.
To get faster or slower, it just turns this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind regrets is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to join bricks to use.
Light, sounds, solar panels, motors;, everything must be accessible.
We've given limbs to kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that they don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light works, or why the door of an elevator is held open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also taken lists to design schools.
So, for example, designers without experience in electronics begin to play with limitations like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and financial bottles, we have George creating ...
( Mechanical noise) a few weeks ago we took limbs to the designers of Rhode Island's design School, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said,``do something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a confident congressing cannon.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a plant made of Play-Doh that's afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, licenses became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at reach.
So, liberals have open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for involved with the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait for a moment.
You can take a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can continue better, we leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm afraid of time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to stop; we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called Coder for America, and they would be like a person's Peace Corps.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we sent them to the wild, municipal world.
They did great applications;, they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
They know Al.
This is a city of Boston city.
Here it appears as if it would look for a quote, but what I really look for is that someone clean it when you get caught by snow because it knows that it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it get to ask for help in this singular way?
Last year in Boston, we had a members team from Coder for America.
They were there in February, and at that moment, it was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these carbs.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else: that citizens cleaned the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he made a good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant.
You accept it when you're born.
When you do, you put a name, in this case, you put Al.
If you don't do it, somebody can rotate.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 applications programmed last year.
But it does something that no other technology technology does.
And it extends in viral shape.
A study responsible system of the city of Honolulu when I saw this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami Sirens.
It's very important that these tsunami Sirens work, but people are stealing the batteries.
So it asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens go up the debris.
And Chicago just launched it to make people registered to clean sidewalks when they're born.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without friction and organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you will know that this doesn't normally happen.
Software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that they had done it for normal channels, it would have taken for at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that even the moment has cost 200 million dollars, and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that's shown in a couple of days and spread itself viral is a kind of trial of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the best ways to work, not like private companies, like many people think it should be.
It's not like a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
That is, without restrictions, in open and generative form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an antibody institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good at the collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not just Coder for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row at David -- and all of those other things that put us crazy, the government is essentially in Tim Oper's words:``What we do together because we cannot . ''
Now, many people have abandoned the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; ; government does.
And given that the government ultimately empathy from us -- remember that from``We, the village"? The way to think about it will affect the way that change change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started this.
And as many people thought that government was to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is, above all, stories.
This is the phone care center of services and information . .
This is the place that's called 31 in the United States.
Scott announced this call.
It's``Zargania"at the base of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything . It started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, can you open the door of the house, put a strong music, see if it goes? ''
And it worked . So well by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the guards.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app, web and mobile phone called Citizens Connecticut.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people at the Office of New Mexico in Boston.
One day, this really happened, and it comes,``Zark in my trash bucket . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I take it out? ''
Citizen Connecticut's dynamic is different.
Scott was talking about people.
City Connecticut' is all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw a neighbor.
The next report said,``I came up to the place, I found the trash cube behind the house.
Zarkveid? Yeah . lived? Yes.
I went back the cube . I went home.
Good evening, sweet sheet . ''
Quite simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of government income for distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to engage and help others.
So, one citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
I connected the two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we're going to take communities.
If we call control of animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think one is the entrance of the other.
Our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean, and politics is the surface layer of 15 centimeters.
Underneath it's what we call bureaucracy . .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt that keeps that that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates against us, that other thing, and we're actually losing power.
People think politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real work of government happens.
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government.
That's the Oxford movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of worried citizens that have written a very detailed report of 32 pages in response to the Second Comment project on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us we have resigned to government, it's time that we ask what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of everyone?
We can't think of government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that technology is possible to rethink the government function so that it can expand to civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act manually, you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age average of our members is 28 years old, so I, to regimes, I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk; they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when they face the government problem, they don't care about making their voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make government work better.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities . .
It can be cleaned up a hydrant, taking off weeds, dumping a garbage cube that has a shooting inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those carbs and a lot of people do.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers, not only are we government consumers that pay taxes and we get services.
We're more than that: we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask everybody, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and in death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED looking at and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here are impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
So here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher may make a lot of sense, but if they teach with feeling, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, if it's charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother . .
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother . .
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all of the discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born about 1980s and his experience with slavery, the way he saw the world . .
She was hard, but it was also loving . .
When I was small and I looked at it, she came up and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I went out.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and I came up and said,``Brian, you still feel my hug? ''
And if he said no, he grabbed me again, and if he said yes, he left me in peace.
I had this human quality that would always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the late 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a while with her, it was not easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight years old, I woke up one morning, I went into the room, and there they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and smile, but she was very serious.
After 15 minutes, she got up, and he got up, and he took my hand, and he said,``Go Brian . We're going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
And he took me out and said,``Brian, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mom . ''
She said,``now I'm sure you won't ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat down, and he looked at me and said,``I want you to know I've been watching you . ''
And he said,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I'll never forget it.
Then he said,``I just want you to give me three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mommy . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to do is you will always want your mother . ''
He said,``She's my daughter, and you have to promise that I'll always take care of it . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yeah, Mom, so I will . ''
And then he said,``The second thing I want you to promise is that you will always do the right thing, even though the right thing is . ''
I thought that, and I said,``Yes, Mommy . So I'll do it . ''
Then finally he said,``The third thing I want you to promise is you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yeah, Mommy, so I'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural South . I have a brother older and a sister a smaller year.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a six-year-old package, I don't know where I pulled them up, I would grab my sister and we went to the forest.
We just got to do the crazy madness.
He took a beer of beer, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . Okay . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come on . Today you do it . And you always do the same thing as you.
I already took something, your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I wouldn't feel good . You can follow . ''
And then my brother looked at me.
And he said,``What happens to you? Take a beer . ''
And he kept me with force, and he goes,``Oh, not being you still thinking about the conversation with breast . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mommy tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was disappeared.
I have to admit something before you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this, thinking it's a virtue; I say that for the power that's got identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others who really don't see a sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during ban.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to her, we had to commit.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conflict.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it's so heavy, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One of three black black between 18 and 30 is in prison or in probation.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all color young people are in jail or in probation.
Our system is not just distorted by race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that's much better if you're rich and guilty, than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, but wealth that's driving the results.
And we seem to feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and failure makes us believe that these are not problems us.
We are disconnected.
I'm interesting.
We're looking at our work, some pretty curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as other states, they privately deprived if you have a criminal convicted.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of rights to be as elevated as it was before they passed the law on the right.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where you sit at kids of 13 to die in prison.
We have in this country prison for children, no chance to go out.
Right now we're in process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in death row.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
In a sense, we've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the committed crime?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think differently about how we're in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine executed people, one that is innocent that it's enough and liberated from the death row.
A rate of error, amazing -- an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it would never be allowed to shoot airplanes if every nine to disappear, you would have to star.
But in some ways, we're inspired about the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I'm talking about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time it started at the end of the reconstruction and it lasted to World War II.
Really, we don't know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be released.
They were worried to be bombed.
The threat of terror was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say,``Mr. Stevenson, you tell talks, it makes speeches . I give people who stop saying that in our history the first time with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism continued, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial and separation and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic why we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we hit each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about races . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial segregation without a compromise with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, , but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures on the death penalty.
It was fascinating, because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know that it's really worrying to listen to what you say . ''
He said,``We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here . ''
The room sat in silence, and a lady said,``There's no way that our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, would be able to execute people . ''
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, to run people, especially if they were mostly in their most Jewish?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these such difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, yet they implicated.
We love innovation.
It fascinated technology . We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are driven by suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing . .
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the waste, the ones that will never get to TED.
To think about them is, in a way, something that's inside of us.
It's true that we have to believe in issues we haven't seen.
So we are . Despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
The development is not just the brain ideas.
These things come from food conditions also for heart convictions.
This connection of mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not only the brilliant and dazzling, but also the dark and the hard thing.
Vacchic Harvard, the great child leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression, we wanted all sorts of things, , but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a will for being in the hopelessness sites and being witness . ''
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically at the heart of what I think, that still in communities like TED, should be engaged.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, that allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exclusion, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts are much more challenging than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women get together just to speak.
Occasionally, the lady Carl called me, to tell me,``Brian, you're the Park Parks . We're going to meet you to talk . .
Do you want to come and listen? ''
And I said,``Yes, ma'am . I want . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen . ''
So I was going and I just heard them.
It was very smartphone, very lit.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks came to me and said,``Now, Brian, tell me it's that idea of equality justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted of.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in criminal justice management.
We try to end the sentencing of life, without the parole of parole for children.
We try to do something about death penalty.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end up with massive incarceration . ''
I gave all of my best speech, and he looked at me and said,``Hmm Mom mmm . ''
And he added,``You'll end up exhausted, very exhausted . ''
At that point, Ms. racing was leaned, and he put my finger on his face and said,``that's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I think actually the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally, humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher at the worst we've made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to it, it's not a thief.
Even if someone kills another, it's not a killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who have to be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
It's not.
I really think that in many parts, the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very lit, very enthusiastic, it's not going to judge us for our technology, by our designs, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end, the character of a society, not by how they treat rich, powerful and privileged, but by the way they treat poor, the convicted, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
And sometimes I feel disturbing . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
I'm tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of toughness.
I go to jail and I see my 13 and 14 years old, which have been trained to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what is not?
The judge is habitable as an adult, but I see a child . .
One night I was awake thinking -- by God, if the judge can become something you don't, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was very late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a piece.
I had a 14-year-old client, a little, poor, black.
I started working on the piece, with a lift that said,``Montana for my black client of 14 years to be treated as a 75-year-old privilege white, executive of a corporation.
In the way, I put that there had been independent behavior, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a living line on how in this country there is no ethics, but a whole lack of ethics.
And the next morning, I woke up thinking that inspirational piece would be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, not only had I had it, but had sent it to the court.
It spent about two months, I've forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- Oh God, I have to go to court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car, and I felt truly overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and beautiful.
I finally got down the car . I walked to court.
I was climbing the stairs when I found a older black man; it was the counter of the court.
When he saw me, he came up and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He said,```` Is it? lawyer?"I said yes.
So I was approached, and I was hug.
And I'm whispering in the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was a vegetable thing.
That was deeply connected with me, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, go into the audience room.
So, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this gold? ''
I said,``Yes Mr. ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those crazy madness.
They came up with police prosecutors, automatically automatically.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people . Everyone furious because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye I got to see how I was going and came.
I looked through the window and I would hear all that scream.
It kept walking for here and there.
Finally, this old black, a concern face, entered the room and sat behind me, almost on the board of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge did a recession.
During the rest of a disaster of the algae was offered, because the advice had entered the room.
The assistant opened up on the old black black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I walked into this audience room to tell this young man who keeps her view in the target . ''
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it's folding towards justice.
We cannot be truly human evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to the ones of fertilizer, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the speakers who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target with firm.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: I just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . What can we do?
BF: There are various opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reflective this spring in which an effort is going to be done in to record the funds that are spending today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, it's going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty, in the next five years . billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homicide don't fit in arrest.
56 percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a change of change.
This referendum is going to propose that these funds will be destroyed to make the law fill, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say it has to do with the largest incarceration rate.
What would you say to the people who think that's like this?
BF: Actually, the rate of violence with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes up in the prison population.
And we let up with the rhetoric rhetoric.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain; for stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against property, instead of making those resources return to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, we've been excited about this today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: the threats of Bin Laden's death.
Local 2: So, Mahatma in Somalia . Local 3: The police throwing O.C . spray.
Announcer 4: ruthless Charles : 5: moral crosses.
Announcer 6: Social Department: Social Department : 65 dead.
Announcer 8: The tsunami alert . Long 9: cyberattacks.
Several locomotives: the drug destruction . massive destruction . tornadoes . tornadoes.
recession . banking . Final judgment . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . disaster . disaster . disaster.
Oh my God!
Peter Diamandis: So these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could hardly be over the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide us negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing is important to survive, the first stop of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
He ordered and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that could hurt us.
That's why a dozen stories we will prefer to look at the negative.
That old adage of the press:``If there's blood, sells ,"it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news about seven days in the week , 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think that the world is going wrong.
But maybe it doesn't.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is we get distortion.
Perhaps enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy; without doubt.
As human beings, we're very good at encouraging problems, and in the long way, we ended up with them.
So, let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, life has more than doubled, average per capita income has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 percent over 80 percent over the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting up more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, a lot of people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators, television, mobile, air conditioning and cars.
The banker magnets of the past century, the planets on the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
To support a lot of this is technology and, lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that leads in information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a seven year-old supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how smooth it is -- in good and bad time, in war and peace, in recession, in depression and in the rise.
It's the very quick computers that are used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop at none of the big challenges.
And although it's hit in a law on the left, it's curved up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, from Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we count today.
The computation in the cloud, which my friends of Autodesk call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, national medicine, and the A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Lego of Watson, from IBM?
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that there would be.
And I loved this:``Watson comes to human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game.
It plays with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to release a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a tens of companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every inhabitant on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that which is scarce and to become plentiful.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon III in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Sisty.
Nathan troops ate with silver covered, and the Napoleon same, with gold covers.
But the king of Sisty, ate with aluminum covers.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth the gold and the platform.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although aluminum is 8:30 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electrons came and made the aluminum so cheap that we use it as if it was disappeared.
We put this analogy into the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet based by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 minutes of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, but about affordability.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of diesel : 8:30 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents a pound per hour compared to the 15 cents of national average.
And if we have plenty of energy, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk now about war wars.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager spacecraft on Earth, in 1990, after Saturn country?
I took a famous picture . How was it called?
\" A pale blue pale . ''
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent per water.
Yes , 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight by 0.5 percent of the planet on the planet, but also here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the Neanderthals.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the broccoli -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it -- his technology called Slidrinks, which is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of water on the day of any sale, soap, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents the liter.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that goes out well, and I have a full confidence that like that will be, Coca-Cola will implement it as well as 256 countries on the planet.
This is an innovative innovation by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell you with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
He lives in a world of information and communication that nobody could have predicted.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS, video, images, books, books and music, medical diagnosis technology now demonstrate and lost market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best comes in health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Caltech Foundation, something called the X Lamami Triance Prize , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams in the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device that they talk about, and because they have A.I ., they can take, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle world in the developing world where there are no doctors, where the mortality charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA or DNA virus that doesn't recognize, to call the health care and, first, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just had the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before you heard the global conversation.
What would these people want?
What do you consume? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars embedded in the global economy.
And you'll get more health thanks to the Triange, a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can they provide us three billion more members of humanity, healthy educated and productive healthy?
How about voices never before you?
What if we give the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time?
What will be about three billion?
What if they are contributions that we can't predict?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things -- things that could only do the great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Force.
It emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this college professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came together and started playing it.
And it has been shown that today's recognition machinery is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the broccoli innovative.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work in the solution of big challenges and doing what we should do.
We have for a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
That's the correction of the starting point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1834.
You might believe that I'm looking up, but it didn't.
I actually collect fish.
And I described one of them as very``common . ''
It was the grouper.
I was so caught until the 1980s.
Now the fish is at the Red List of IUCN . .
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the shift of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun, and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palm, and as you can see, a few mangroves.
There were the telescopes of about 20 centimeters, the black beard thylacine.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and went through a good moment, so it was made more than the middle in Ghana.
When I was there 27 years later, the number of fish had halved half.
They were manifest at five centimeters.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of dragged fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s, and I did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly, was called the Music 4.
I went out to fishing on it, and we did studies in southern China, and above all, in the Bay Sea.
And what we captured was something that we captured.
We captured, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals that are in the background.
And most fish are tiny blobs on some remains, remains that are fish of coral reef.
In short, the sea bottom came to the deck, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study, and then you start the commercial fishing.
The bottom goes from being a solid coral background, in this case, to be a legacy.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They were disappeared because they were dead.
Once we captured a living . Once.
I was still not drowned.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of rest is what you collect the fishermen every time you go to an area where you have never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we didn't remember it.
We adjust the point of departure, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens something like this.
On the y-axis, we have good things: biodiversity, amount of ears, the real of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . Because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images that received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extracting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the suffering of change.
And at the end, I'm going to keep a few remains.
And that, largely, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer anymore, or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that's very abundant, before you get extinct, is recently frequent.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose rare animals.
Even if this isn't perceived as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of great fish.
They become rare, because we fish them.
Over time there are few fish, but we think that's the starting point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, would say it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them present, like captain such as captain and so much fish in this area cannot be used or, usually, they don't use the scientists of fishing, because it's not``scientist . ''
So, we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in the developed societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
Hence the enormous role that can make a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We recreated the past that people can't conceive because the starting point has been running and it's extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows them to erase their departure.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, as people in the Middle West, for example?
I think that the arts and cinema can be filled with the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Chesapeake Bay.
A lot of time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay; 500 years ago.
And you've noticed that the nuances and the wholeness are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about why people were moving with the movie -- not talking about the story of Police, why to move with images?
Because it hits something that, in a sense, it's lost.
So my recommendation, the only one I'll give, is Cameron, to make``Avatar II"underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hello . I'm Kevin Allen, the YouTube trends, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So today we'll see why videos are made viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedy -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our world culture.
Anyone can be famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
More than 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, only a small percentage is made viral, and you receive vision, and it wins cultural motion.
How does that happen?
Three things: creators of trends, community and surprise communities.
Well, let's start.
Beau Vascary: Oh my God, my God.
My God!
Wow.
Oh, wow!!
KA: last year, beauty Vancom published this film out of his house in the National Park of Yosemite.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the population of the summer last summer.
Berlin doesn't try to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Audio Mountain Berlin . .
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video was published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kim.
Jimmy Kim published this tweet that would match the video to popularity.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kim introduce us new and interesting things, and they have them to a wider public.
Rebecca Blake: It's Friday, Friday . You've got to start the Friday . Everybody wants to come up in the weekend, the weekend . Friday, Friday, starting the Friday . KA: Don't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
\" Friday"by Rebecca Blake is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like``Architecture rainbow double ,"this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took it Tower and a lot of blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mister Science Theater, was one of the first people to make a joke about video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends are adopting a view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parasites on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the unintended entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon, or doing something new with that.
\" Name Cat"is a repetitive animation with a matched music.
This is, that's all.
This year, they saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know that there's a three hours that has seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that you saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is creativity that I woke up between the Internet sequencing community.
There were replicators.
Someone made a version of the old one.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole representative community that made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we can all form.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted``Poor rainbow, or Robert Black or National Cat? ''
What a script could I have written that would contemplate this situation?
In a world where two days of video come up for minute, just that really unique and unexpected thing can get rid of the way these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this big video of a guy who protests against the critics in New York, I admit that I'm not interested in too.
Casey Styan: I was killed by not circular for the bike, but there are often obstacles that prevent you very carefully by the bike.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Stephen made that five million saw and understand its idea.
So this approach is worth all the new thing that we do creative.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Vassacra: what does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
The trends of trends, creative communities of participation, totally unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media, from a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bieber, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're barely the media today, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still running.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in unique and freedom of his country.
Imagine that while the communist came in in Sacurity, in the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long, friends, now they would enjoy it.
It was reflected in silence.
He died broken by history.
He's my grandfather . .
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to stand up, but we did it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you sunrise blowing down to sea.
My mother, Maine, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a concerned marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had destined a task alone alone: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her who couldn't do it.
And after a four years, that challenges the fiction, a boat slide into the desert sea of fisheries.
All adults knew the risks.
The greatest fear were pirates, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother had a jar with poison.
If we were caught, first we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rhythm of the engine, and it's going to dive in every wave, and the vast and vacuum horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came in several times, but they were fooled with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not by six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to end the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
And after three months in a refugee camp, we focused on Melbourne.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Photographic, a working-class suburb whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I knew, in Photographic, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the French English fragments were engaged between the people who had one thing in common: , they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title in IT . .
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take away, which was generally clothes; it was always from second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the ankle, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird songs and painful people on the``eyes highlighted"and some graffiti:``Asian, go home.
Home, where?
Something in me grew up.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to overcome them . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we got on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmares, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be a establishment and opened up another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition, anger and infectious, and translated kids trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and sponsors.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implant with what I sued from myself.
On the other, I was locked in precise lives, tragically unlikely by violence, the abuse of drugs and isolation.
But many received help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australian young year.
And I was catched from a piece of puzzle to the other, but their edges didn't fit.
And so, I read Amazon anonymous, it was now so Los Le, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine . .
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to retreat the routine and the comfort of life in an icon suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling each other, and the three still in the same bed . .
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we got up to the boat.
The``No"had ever been an option.
\" Make it ,"he said,```` and not what you don't . ''
So I talked about juvenile occupation and education and description to marginalized and described.
And the more frankly I spoke, the more it was applied to speak.
I met people from all the roads in life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the front of the possible.
And although I ended up my bachelor, I realized that I couldn't stay in a lawyer's career.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a newly arrived, new one on the scene -- and not only it's okay, but it's something that's going to be grateful, maybe a ship of the ship.
Because being inside can easily mean to collapse the horizons, it can easily mean accepting your province.
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world gets broken, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that wouldn't have been allowed to be tremendously encouraged.
There was an energy there, a relentless optimism, a rare humility of humility and courage.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a small group of people who the slogan``can't do ,"was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, I was doing a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked all night long.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we open up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After a single journey.
My hunch again . .
Three months later I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, , let me tell you about my grandmother . .
She grew up at a time where the confusion was social norm and local Mandarin was the person who cared.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17, he became a concentration of a Mandarin whose mother hit her.
Without the support of his husband, he caused a revolution to demand it and take the cause herself, and much more quickly back when he won.
You can't be able to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles away, in Melbourne.
I looked through the shower of the shower, and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to stop.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Photographic, and we sat around their height.
We told him stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night, a monk came and told us that he had to close the foot.
My mother asked us to feel his hand . .
I asked the monkey,``Why his hand is hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you have taken their hand from the morning ,"he said.
\" You haven't solved it . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women . .
Because we were and how life shaped us, we can now see that men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have come easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could want that to do?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a show in your lives, diving brave on every wave, the previously contained rhythm of the engine, the vast horizon that you won't guarantee?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you and see it safe, I would.
Transit Neuroscience, and also the mother in so much is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi March Alab.
We were conversation about how nothing has changed from the age of ancient Indian Ependron,``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car, and we ran the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I remember, the great Indian warrior, I had silk, and he took a bow, and with a flower to the ground, he gets water.
Now we do the same with standards and machines.
The conclusion we had was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that got me very sad.
Every time I felt a little more technology.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a paradigm if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tweet my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to enable magic, not kill it.
As a girl, my grandfather gave me their police silver relative.
And this piece of technological piece of 50 years went to my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images and pirate and nanotubes in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
They face our inspiration.
And so I launched, I was thrown to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, instead of killing it.
I illustrate books since 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
It's going to collect the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
storytelling becomes increasingly multi-to-thing.
But what does that do?
I'm about to launch Khad, an interactive application for iPad.
It says,``Put your fingers on each light . ''
And so, he says,``This box is a -- I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
At several moments, I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner child is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magic and dragons, but that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we open out of children.
For some reason, fireflies on a jar always became exciting.
So, over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, they light your way into what I remember from the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with was a whole galaxy in a bag.
So here, every book and every world becomes a bag that I dragged into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book there has always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, flower and guide you during the rest of the book.
At certain points of the book, it also reveals.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These are the spreads.
We've all heard of fairies and bones, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, would you take them?
These poor supports have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked, attached to their PCs, they haven't come out the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images from different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: sticks, rocks, sheets and shells.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this childhood ritual, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
So a digital collection of photos is created, and then you can put on the Web.
A kid from London puts a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox . . ''
A child in India says,``I see a monkey today . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taking.
Within the variants of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book we plan to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video turned on and through reality, you see a group of animated stores that appear on the plants inside the house.
At a time the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and fold them to read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where nature's forces will be intertwined with technology and magic and technology approaching each other.
We take advantage of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of insulin projects failed.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at Radio University was to give a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known: What happens?
How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the insulin projects fail, because we stopped listening.
This is my Wi-Fi sketch . It's very simple.
It's got a clothing.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my doctor's doctor has access to him too . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when I need cardiology assistance or some urgency of that style, but see it backwards.
But there's something else.
Like some of you, you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi school, and before I climb up to my car, people begin to talk to me: Life, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's the pressure of pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little marriage connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they go back to restore control and to be captains of their own boat, but it can also help us care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the costs of media care, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crowdsourcing.
And one of the things we did wanted to share with you with a video.
We all have conventional navigation controls.
Maybe even we have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in Mario.
And also, where all the gas is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DED to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
No one knew where to get the DED to save lives at this time.
What we did was we've got correlated in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public to: if you see a DED, please send it, give you where, and when it's open, because sometimes you open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DED was already introduced in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lake, augmented reality, to find this DED.
And every time you're in the city of Mario and someone collapses, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks use your Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest DED, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not only like DED 40, which is the name of the product, but also as Androsome . .
And we would want to start it globally.
We're having all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the CEO of DES around the world.
Every time they are vacation and someone collapses, it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DED.
You might be a message service or phone services, for example, to see if the DED that is shown is still in place.
Please help me in this and not just improve health, but to take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photography.
Or is it photography?
Because of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15.
It's mixed with my previous passion, but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends when you press the pulse.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place at the right time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulse.
photos like this: a construction in a very transmitted road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite it, it keeps a level of realism.
Or photos like these -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common objective of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say the realism I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture, but I always want it to seem to have been captured somehow as a photograph.
Photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment.
But what's the trick that makes them seem real?
Are the details or the colors?
Does light intervene?
What does illusion create?
Sometimes illusion is the perspective.
But at the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagined objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still looks three-dimensional, as if it existed.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It really is to combine different realities.
And things that make a picture look realistic, I think it's the ones that we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining photographs, it's very important to consider, because otherwise something will be seen wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images are made with these requirements; they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect unit.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was built.
This is another example.
It might think that this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In personal, I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing trip.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone pump.
And yes, I even made the house red from the top of the island so that it seemed more subtle.
So to get a realistic result, I think it takes planning.
It's always starting with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing you a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it ...
It's a diagram that I took from a portfolio.
I'm not interested in showing the details, but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microprocessors versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this, as a lot of others we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a magnitude order on the performance scale.
Talking about technology with neurological curves is something novel.
Here's a strange thing.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn on the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we make technological curves on logarithmic scales?
The answer is, if I draw them in a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to draw, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you plot, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a schematic curve would be very silly, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this happens, a qualitative change is happening.
If the transportation technology would move forward as fast as the microprocessors, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move on to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technology development of a broken growth that every few years it advances magnitude orders.
The question I want to pose is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It's going to happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve, I know like this until I run something completely different, or maybe do something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
Of course, we would be in the middle of a transition.
On this line, we are in a transition of what the world used to be, to a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask myself, is, what is that new way that I adopt the world?
How new is the world run?
transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember that the future was happening in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been found, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense thinking about 30 or 50 years, because it's all going to be so different that it's going to extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how that transition might be that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale that I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back to about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around.
If we look at the way those chemicals were organized, we give a sense of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA . I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that at that point, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them make materials from the outside, and so the droplet grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet.
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them had a random chemical recipe.
And every time they divide it, they were going to have an unequal distribution of the chemicals they contain.
So every driver was a little bit different.
In fact, the droplet that somehow they would differentiate to be better at the time of incorporating the surrounding chemicals; they grew up more, they put more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these cats learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand these kittens very well, they learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they created in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were in order to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since 2,500 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have a hundred microbes of white dust that I try to hide the security people of the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA clip, and I amplified it 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have a lot for all the present, in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If you were a mathematician, you'd put it in a virus, and you would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy for another billion years.
But then another great interesting step in which things got very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information by forming this cell community.
I don't know if you know it, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, for example, it evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and they were stuck to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistance to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place that they would form communities that, in a way, they were together in that, and they established a synergy.
So they survive or failed together, which is that if a community was very successful, all of the individuals in that community would replicate more and they were favorite by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities got so close that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have many cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and they produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't make more than processing information in community.
It's neural structures.
neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the structures responsible to register, understanding and transmit information.
Those were brains and nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time period.
So a organism could, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit because I knew wrong and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of a organism because they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system will build those information structures hugely accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in the necessary time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here getting a few groups, and hopefully, building a similar, vague idea, in your heads that I keep a certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound, in sound sequence, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as a organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started doing abstractions.
We now go through periods like multicellular organisms;, we abstract our record methods, pressure and information processing.
For example, language invention was a small step in that direction.
The telephone, the computer, the video tape, the NDA, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we're now building to manage that information.
And that leads to something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You saw the evolutionary example of Titan in which it produced some evolution with the Revolution program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you about took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The following, the language, and they took less than a million years.
And the next, like electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is feedback; I guess it's the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster you do.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process is feedback.
But I made my life designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them would not be possible without recent computing advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thinking Machine, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine, and the machine with that does something that you couldn't have before, it gets much further and faster than ever before . .
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put in the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random instruction of instructions.
We say,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequence of random instructions?
Can you run these sequences from random instructions, execute all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we find the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could get two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``Computers, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that make the task better? ''
Let's take those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that are best ordered.
And we're going back to reproduce a process of analog recommendation . ''
Let's take two programs, which will sell children, who are underground, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that had a little more success.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
It qualify again.
And I introduced some mutations.
And it tries again and I repeat with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we end up with programs that order numbers in a absolutely perfect way.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark, strange programs.
But they take the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the safety that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depended on doing it.
Once I was going in a 747 with Mary Minsky, and he takes a card and says,``Look at this.
It says, , this airplane has hundreds of thousands of participants that work together to offer a safe flight . Doesn't make you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so that we can execute these programs much faster.
I mean, it's feedback.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are feedback.
We're shifting.
And we are at an analogous moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular.
We are the amoeba and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant of our part thinking that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever is coming.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before they eliminated me.
I think we have to do something with a part of medical culture that must change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been running enough time to allow me to be part of my fake pressure on that.
Before I treat my talk, we talk a little baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about to go out```` Report the rules ,"he talks about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battery average.
And we talked about 300, from a battle that bat 300.
That means the baseball bat effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game of play without being caught, and anybody who tries to launch it to the first base, it doesn't get in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts from 10.
You know how you call a $300 in the Great League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
Do you know how they call a baseball barbelence from 400?
By the way, that's somebody who's 10 hits, act four.
Leganical -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Major League of baseball in running more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'll tell you today.
Suppose they have arguments and they're derived to a surgeon that has also a $400 record in adaptations.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place, and a loved being, has two correctly clogged arteries, and their family doctor's leading to a cardiologist whose record in angiogenesis is 200.
But you know something?
She's getting really better this year.
And their actions have been 256.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think it should be the average of a heart surgeon or a prosthetic surgeon, or a nurse or a general barrier?
1,000, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in the medicine knows the roots of a good surgeon or a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I'm included, with the mandate of being perfect.
Which never, ever make a mistake and worry about figuring out how to do it right.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in the medical school.
I was a computer obsessed student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied until a blood test.
Maybe.
I studied in my little decline, in the resident of the General Hospital's General Hospital.
And I learned everything of memory.
From my kind of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the top, the difficult differential difference and the not usual.
And I even knew the difference diagnosis about how to classify the kidney subtraction.
And as much as I got more and more knowledge.
And I was very good at it; I graduated with honor.
And it's about the medical school of medicine with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to the whole, because this was the mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the lady.
I was resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto when they brought the lady to the emergency lady to emergency service where I worked.
At the time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when I decided to get to a cardiologist, I got to go to that patient.
It's going to report the chief of residents.
When I saw the lady Drush, I was waving.
I heard a solitary sound.
And when I did it, I heard a submersible on both sides, which was telling me a cognitive heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping the blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, they fill out of blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did it, and I got to work on the treatment I would give you.
I gave him aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him dirty, water pills, so he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And that was when I made the first mistake, I sent her home.
I actually made two mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which I was calling my boss and get it with him for her to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to bring a whole information.
Maybe I did for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility, that could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When he sent her home, he didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I had to ask the nurse who was looking at Mrs. Drug,```` Do you think it's okay if you go to your house? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think it will be right . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the paradigms took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I went on with my job . .
At the end of the day, I packaged to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home, and I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the way home.
And there's another nurse there, not that I was taking care of Mr. Drug before, but another . He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors are afraid.
Other specialists fear it as well, but there's a particular in emergency, and it's that we see the patient's patients.
The three words are: Do you remember?
\" Do you remember the patient who sent your house? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well, she came back ,"with the same tone tone.
She was okay.
But I came back and on the brink of death.
At the time of an hour to have come to his house, after I gave him high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911; the paradigms were brought to emergencies with an blood pressure of 50 millimeters from Hans, which means a severe shock.
I was barely breathing and blue.
The emergency staff deployed all of their resources.
They gave him medication to raise artificial pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was covered and pulled up to the spinal cord.
It had a mixture of feelings because then the stabilize was in intensive therapy and hoped against all hope it would recover.
And in both or three days, it was evident that would never wake up.
It had an irreversible brain damage.
The family got together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And on the ninth day, they let it go . Mr. Crosolva, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The following weeks, I punish for it and experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture and felt just, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never more committed that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I'm talking about is that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't because of my boss; he was an charm.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I smooth things and make sure you wouldn't demonstrate me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did I send her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so dumb?
Why did I choose medicine?
Little bit of that feeling was spreading.
And I started feeling better.
And on a cloudy day, the sky opened and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I broke the efforts to be perfect to do not make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I received a 25-year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and shorter.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, it was a little color.
He was prescribed by penicillin and sent him home.
But while he ran to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my guard change, my boss asked me to talk to me in the office.
And they put the three words, remember you?
Does it remember the patient who saw for a pain in the throat?
So he came back and he didn't have a scientific favorite.
It had a potentially deadly condition called engineering . .
You can look at Google . It's an infection, not from the throat, but the upper Air Way, and that can cause the close of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
It's managed to be managed by it, and it goes back to the few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and records, then I got up and went back to work, until it happened over and over again, again.
Twice in the same emergency shift, it was not diagnosed.
And it's a big effort, especially working in a hospital, because it takes 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a waste.
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation.
Now, order a kidneys X-ray, but it was normal, a colleague that was checking the patient perceived certain sensitivity in the lower right, and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
He read liquid to retire, and I asked my colleague to check it.
I checked it, and when I noticed some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, I called the surgeon.
Both were operated, and they recovered well.
But every case I was tormented, I would break.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and like many colleagues say, it's a mess.
The most significant have been over the last five years.
Only, embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that you don't make the same mistakes?
If I went into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party, you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but not to hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a trauma in my hospital printed the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: those who make mistakes and the ones that cannot sleep and the ones that do, and the ones that have a result and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we stop medicine to people who make mistakes, there will be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, some of the medical disposal and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical therapy and medical errors to learn the possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Star to my program:``White Goth, Black Art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in every 10 prison drugs in the hospital are wrong, or disaster is not right . In a system where institutional infections are increasingly more and more numerous, causing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian crimes for preventable medical mistakes.
U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about slums, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And so things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update.
The sleep of sleep invented everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a chest pain, and it comes crazy with eyes, and with alcohol and, suddenly, my story is about contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things always equal.
And my patients are not cars . They don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as we were taught, and we eliminate all the professionals prone to error, well, no one will be left.
And what about people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program,``White Allinos, black art ,"is a custom saying,``This is my worst mistake ."I would say to everybody, from the paradigms to the head of heart surgery,``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah, blah,```` What are your mistakes?"And I would run the microphone to
And their students would stop, they would go back, they would go down their head and they would swallow saliva and started to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say,``Look, don't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a redefined medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefined doctor is human, it's known, it's accepted, and it's not proud of its mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It points out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings lead the system, and when this happens, they commit mistakes every time.
My name is Brian Glassest.
I'm a rediscovered doctor.
I'm human.
And I'm really sorry about learning something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take every day?
You know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to pick a middle American, is about 70 to a day.
Not much, in a research followed for a week to a group of business presidents.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were represented by these executives and the time they worked in making decisions with those tasks.
They found that, on average, they get 139 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of miniaturization.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to the nine minutes, and how many of you in an hour?
How does the way it makes those decisions?
Today, I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today: choice for options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a pat.
And now my first question of day: Are they ready to hear the problem of choice overload?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was looking at this very, very high level of level -- at least at the time it was very sophisticated.
It was called Drama.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of water planted, and this was when we took water from the faucet.
I loved going to that store, but I was wondering, why never bought anything?
This is the shelf of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including the ones that were in sealed box that come from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I asked him,``Is this strategy good to offer all these options? ''
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists that come every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the twins . This is the measure.
It's a passion.
They had 34 different classes.
We installed a post to see, right at the entrance of the store.
We put there up to six flavors, or 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what case people were willing to stop to try to test the market?
More people stopped when there were 24 -- 60 percent, that when there were only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a metropolitan.
Here's the opposite effect.
From those who were stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy a market.
From those of you who stopped when there were six, we saw 30 percent made up.
If we do the calculations, the people were six times more likely to buy the market if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy market, we're probably going to become a good thing to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in a transcendent decision.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Al Hudson, Emily Kamen and Wei Jane, we looked at the decisions about savings savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of supply supply available in retirement savings plans for retirement, the 401 program, demonstrated people to save the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation.
We had 65 plans that were going from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds offered, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as you would like.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the participation rate goes down to the 50th percentile.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So, for those of you who decided to participate, the greater the numbers of options, the more people were involved by avoiding actions or investment funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, and they'll apply it even when this goes against interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions -- in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying, even though they obviously get better.
The main reason is that we're looking at that gigantic variety of mass, mustard, vinegar and merit, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, to contrast and choose of that amazing exhibition.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've taught, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can rehearse their business.
The first one is, cutting.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, less than today . .
People always bother when I say,``cutting . ''
You worry about losing space in the ring.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, you're going to get rid of strange redundant options, there will be a increase in sales, you'll go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Project & Gamble went from 26 different types of Heads & Sheritan to 15, you saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Golden Cat Corporation is eliminating the products for cats that were less sold, the uses were increased at 87 percent, for two causes: bigger sales and lower costs.
You know that the supermarkets today, average, offer 45,000 products.
In a Walmart store, about 100,000 products are offered.
But the largest note in the world is Allende and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that have emerged on how to manage the choices is David Ladin's plant, the Harvard program.
Every Harvard employees are automatically built to a life insurance fund.
They really want to choose, they're offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is I ask the employees,``Tell me the differences there are between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate, you cannot do your clients . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary . .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience, some vacation with everything paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give a applause if you're ready to take the offer from Gary . .
( few applause).
Aren't they more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think I really got more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, which in the second one, but I can admit and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of choice overload, which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of every option, and that consequences must feel very vivid, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent higher when they use debit cards or credit cards, than when they use cash?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that it looks more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Salman Benia and Alexander President, about functional NGO staff who worked at NGO . these people were in a meeting where they were being claimed to a 401 plan.
To that meeting, that we thought exactly as it was used, we made a little addiction.
What we added was that we told the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minimum, there was an increase in 20 percent, and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts, four percent.
The third technique is classify.
We can handle more categories than choices.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in supermarkets Western's along the northeast row, the magazine of magazines can contain from 33 different types to 664.
But you know?
Because the classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewels of jewelry.
One is called``Jack"and the other one,``Switzerland . ''
If you think the one on the left is Switzerland, and the one on the right is Jack, they give a pat.
( few applause) Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is jazz, and the one on the right is Switzerland, you give a pat.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is jazz, and the one on the right is Swiss . But you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
The categories must indicate something to who choose, not to define them.
You often see this problem with those huge funds of funds.
supposedly, who are they reporting?
My fourth category: Congratulation complexity.
It turns out that we can manage a lot more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision; the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturing manufacturer that allows you to persuade it completely.
You have to make 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one.
Color, outer color . I have 56 possibilities.
engine, change, change, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order of decisions.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look?
How involved you are.
If you act always the defense button in every decision, it indicates that you're overwhelmed, it's: we're losing them.
We found that those who go from a lot of choices at a few choices, they offer the button by the data over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, you get there.
Same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was alter the order that information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose.
Although you choose the change box, I'm not saying anything about the preferences of inner decoration, anyway, and you prepare to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more connected with the process.
To summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choice overload: cutting, eliminating strange alternatives; conclusion, making it real -- classification, we can manage more categories with less choices; connecting complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented you were designed to help manage the alternatives, or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful to choose.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in common East Germany, if you had a typewriter, I had to register it in the government.
You had to register a piece of text text written with the machine.
And this so that the government could track the origin of texts.
If you found a writing with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think that someone could do this, how much this would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow dots on every page that follows a pattern that makes them themselves and their printer . .
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to be analyzed by this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems in the network.
If we look at what happens in the online world, we can turn the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
You're the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Goliath in the city of Kiev, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use cyber cybercriminals to make a lot of money, quantities.
There are really many cases of millions online, multi-to-thing, who made money with their attacks.
This is Valley Tasmanian, Tasmanian, Estonia.
This is Alfred George.
This is Stephen Watt . .
This is Bruce Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson, Torado Alexander etc., etc., etc.
These guys are doing their online fortune, but they do it by illegal means through banks to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Jain, and this account was 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jain goes out; ;; ; ;.
And I say that today is more likely that any of us is victims of a puzzle that from a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from wrong to worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate them, they motivate them.
groups like Anonymous have collapsed in the last 12 months, occupying a role in the line.
Those are the three main attacks: the criminals that do it for money, hackers as Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the national states the governments that attack.
And then we see cases like Dirique.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Direction is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
Decent the last fall, because of a sabbatical.
They took the safety of the site, and they would perceive a cyber.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Diring.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how does people die because of a attack of these?
Directing is a certified authority.
They sell certified.
What do certificates serve?
Well, you need if you have a website with hotels, you've got served SOLEs, services like Gmail.
Except, you know, you're going to intercept a foreign certified authority.
And it's going to be able to make cartoons.
And in the case of Diring happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt, protesters took the headquarters of the police secret secret in April , 2011, and during the looting of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers there was this folder called``FBI . ''
And within that folder, there were notes from a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 250,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company's headquarters is right here.
So Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, the Cosperted Trust was found -- a Trojan used by the German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But now it goes beyond.
The Internet connection is introduced.
They will use even tools like the Scottish Trojan to infect our computer with a Trojan to allow them to see all communication, and listen online discussions, to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be``Well, it looks bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm an honest citizen.
Why worry about it?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
privacy is not discussed.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we do today, it will be forever.
Are we blindly confident in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live in Kenya, in the South National Park Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind cow, the Nairobi National Park.
The Nairobi National Park has no fences in most of the South, which means that wild animals like zebras migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we woke up in the morning, and we found it dead, because it was the only bull that we had.
My community, the masses, we think we come from heaven with our animals and all the land to punish them, and that's why we value them so much.
So I grew up hate a lot of lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of six lions who killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, six to nine years old, is responsible for his father's cattle, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought lions were afraid.
But I realized that this doesn't really serve, because it even helped lions to see the height of far.
I didn't laugh . It continued.
A second idea was to use a spirits.
I was trying to deceive lions to believe that I was close to the student.
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the spreadsheets, and they went, but the second day, they came back and said,``this thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stadium with a torch, and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I'll learn and turn the lights off.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
All of us.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery, and the battery supply the electricity to the little red box . I call it a transformative.
And the indicating box makes the lights melt.
As you can see, the lightbulbs go out, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how they see the lions when they come from night.
The lights and they deceive lions to think that I'm walking through the stadium, but I'm sleeping on my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never have problems with lions.
And the house of the neighborhood heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals, and he asked me if he could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by the whole Kenya, to scare other predators like hyena, leopard, and it's also using the elephant elephants.
Because of this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds and consciousness . .
I even took my friends to my community and install lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the meadow of the savanna holding my father's cows, and I used to see airplanes flying, and I was telling you that someday I would be within one.
And today here I am.
I got the opportunity to come on airplane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to get an engineer of aviation and pilot when I grow up.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad's cows and lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Oh what my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So he got a scholarship . Richard Turner: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What is the next one in your list?
RM: My next invention is -- I want to do an electrical fence . CA: One fence?
RM: I know that the electrical fences were invented, but I want to do my own.
CA: You try it once, right, and you -- RNA: I've tried it before, but stop because I got a wire . CA: At the foot of the cannon . Richard Turner, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage you in every step that you give, friend of mine.
Thank you very much . RM: Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best.
And I grew up singing a song called``No envy . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim ISAF's story, but we never learned a lot from the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan are enemies.
Although sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I spent my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and myself never had a hunger.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's colleague.
He said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the past two weeks.
We're lying together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
In the short time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine with North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
In the end, more than a million Koreans died during famine and only few survived by eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts, all of me completely was dark at night except by the sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Army River, which serves the limit between North Korea and China . .
As you can see, the river can be very selfish at certain points, allowing Koreans to selectively cross.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I went out of North Korea, but I can only say that over the years' years, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I only thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because North African refugees were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be reporter to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was actually made, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and got involved in the police station.
Someone had accused me for being North Koreans, so I looked at my skills in Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and sports . .
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an officer told another one,``This was a fake report . She's not north.
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some North Koreans are looking for asylum in foreign embassy.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports.
These women were so lucky.
Although they had caught them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These North Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured, jailed or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of its world can be used in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In Korea, I was a much larger challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South.
We are all Korean, but inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of division.
They even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I a South or North?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with pride.
Although I'm going to adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I did a plan . I started studying for the University of college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a alarming call.
The North Korean authorities would intercept some money that sent my family, and as a punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a local location on the outskirts.
They had to run immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to put them, somehow, for more than 3,000 miles across China, and then across Southeast Asia.
The bus on buses took a week, and we almost got caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked everybody's identification, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer approached my family, I immediately stood up, and I said that they were superconductor people who were running.
I looked suspicious, but fortunately I thought.
We did all the way to the L.A. border.
But I had to spend most of my money to bribe the border guards in Laos.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the border illegally.
After paying and some bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the Dallas capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did all of my family release my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in the short distance of the South Korea Embassy.
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multi-scale.
I lost hope.
At that point, or a man's voice asking,``What is the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about asking.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt, the man went to the ATM, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other North Koreans and get them out of prison.
I thank him all my heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help me? ''
\" I'm not helping you, ,"he said.
\" I'm helping the North town . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The famous unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North people when we needed it more.
And it showed me that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the North American people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I got together in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half of the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go into a new country, they start with a little bit or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, the practice of English language, labor practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with family, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help by giving Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans moving around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central South.
This is South Central: line stores, fast food, barbed terrain.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the Southern Center name to represent something else, so they changed it to the Southern Angeles, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the Angeles South . You stores, fast food, barbed terrain.
Like 26 billion other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Los Angeles Center South, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to get more people killed more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in the Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I was tired of seeing this happens.
And I wonder, how would they feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if they get out of house, they see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see the wheelchair and sold as cars used.
I see dollars from lung dialysis like Starbucks.
And I consider this to stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I've also been able to handle 45 minutes away and back to buy an apple that has no pesticides.
What I did, was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a land farm we call a garden.
It's 45 x 3.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what I'm coming up with, because it's my responsibility, and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Group, we get together and we started planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we're kind of a group paid in advance of gardens of all the procedures, all the city and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained.
The city came up on top of me, and in summary, they gave me a quote saying that I had to retire my garden, the cartoonist became a criminal order.
And I was like,``Come on, really?
A judicial order for planting food on a piece of land that nobody matters?"so I was like,``Well, let it.
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Louis, and I talked to the concentration and one of the members of Green Grove, who put a petition in Chandler, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My conclusion even called to say they would go back and adore what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more flattened terrain.
It's about 60 miles away.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 750 million plants of tomato.
Why don't you tell them this?
I'll grow a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seed.
When a dollar of hacking will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my story, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central South.
I grew up there . I grew up my children there.
I refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me, and I will make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I cultivate my art . .
As a graffiti artist, that embraces walls, I engineer soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my excitement of that canvas.
They would be surprised to see what the land can do, if they let it be their canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became an education tool, of transformation from my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how it affects kids.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and the provocative act that you can do, especially in a piece.
Also, they get strawberries.
I remember one occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, they were like 9/11 at night, and they were in my garden, and he went out and looked very quickly.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt embarrassed by seeing people who were so close to me with hunger, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't you fear people will steal your food? ''
I say,``Oh God, I don't fear that they're going to steal . ''
It's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to pick up your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a devastation shelter in downtown Los Angeles.
There were these guys who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Groups has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like 50 people who come and work and participate, all of them in voluntary plan.
If the kids grow together, the kids will eat cost.
If you grow tomatoes, you eat tomatoes . But if none of this is taught you, if you're not taught how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind, what you're putting in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped in . I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, which doesn't bring them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are commissioned from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carnegie is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take content and turn them into healthy cafes.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to put people working, pull kids on the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become evolutionary, gentlemen, gentlemen.
We have to change the script of what a gesture is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a gesture.
That the guards take their stick right?
That's his choice weapon.
In sum, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some crap -- to talk about making some crap.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your stick so we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Marine noises) (Microsoft noises )"you probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that I salute.
And especially if you go in your bike, and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like the Netherlands, very close to cities, we'd want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porous asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most countries in the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so all the rain water will flow sideways and have a road that's easy to drive, and they won't get water anymore.
Noise will also disappear in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it going to do? You see that in this road, the stones of the surface come out.
First of a stone, then several more and more and more and so on, and then -- well, I won't do that . But you can hurt your windshield, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create bump with that.
Oh . It's ready.
Back, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a small amount of adrenaline between rocks.
Because of the performance, the ultraviolet light, to the optimism, this adventure, this bag, the glue between the rocks, will be focused on, and if you get it, you're going to be done, you're going to become microbes and you're going to separate from the added.
So, if you drive the road, you'll get the added -- as you saw here.
In order to solve this problem, we think about self-repair materials.
If we can make this material self-serving, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, of that to clean stealth, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the bicycle.
So we have a little bit with little pieces of steel wool on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a management machine.
The induction can heat, especially the steel, is very good at that.
So what you've got to do is heat the steel, melt the fight, the button will flow through these microbes, and the stones will look at the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big machine up here on stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's very interesting . We have to try it . ''
So they donated a piece of road , 400 feet from the Authore Academy, where we had to do a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We did aging the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we repair them then with our induction machine and repair them and we're going to test it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy of induction to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface . It's really going to save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot.
You actually have to cool first before you can show them how it acts.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of the knife in my house . .
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
I had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news generally depressed it.
\" The Taliban left my father . ''
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said.
One morning I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan and made illegal school that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to pick my older sister, who could no longer be alone outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that two could be educated.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we were going to be shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us stuck in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer . .
We all knew that we raise our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were frightened, but yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total report of a remote province of Afghanistan, that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father repeated him.
But my educated mother became master.
This is her.
It's going to retire two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women of our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a higher risk in not educating his children.
Over the years of Taliban, I remember there were times that I was very frustrated in our life and was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Yemen, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money . You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So, you still want not to continue? ''
I'm 22 years old today.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the high school, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find me here proud of graduating at Moldon College . .
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate.
He didn't just get out of my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, I carry it down on the streets of Kabul . .
My family believes in me . .
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1918, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOPA, the first one, maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country in which it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like mine, they advocate for them, despite and still in front of a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not your true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were walking from SOPA to his village, and literally they escaped to be killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice would warn you that if you kept sending your daughter to school, you'll try it back.
\" Tell me, if you want ,"he said,``but not give the future of my daughter for his old and represented ideas . ''
What I've been aware of Afghanistan, and it's something that's often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those who we succeeded, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key to our success.
In fact, they are often the first compelling intrinsic in the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't last much, after the retreat of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, they encourage them, I see a future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities, and every day the SOPA remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile:``daughter, resistant to Gaddafi . wrestle against him.
But you never get a Galapago style revolution . ''
They've spent almost two years since the light revolution inspired by the surge of mass movements so much of the Tunisian revolution as well.
A force with many other citizens, in and out of the country to call a day of rage and start a revolution against the tourist regime of Gaddafi.
And we did it . It was a great revolution.
Women and young young men were in the forefront, putting the fall of the regime, by putting freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a courage to explore the defender of Gaddafi's dictatorship.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyranny.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy load, a tyranny of tyranny, corruption and season seeds.
For four decades, Gaddafi's tourist regime destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of the Libya society.
aware of the devastation and the challenges, I wanted to, along with many other women, rebuild the criminal civil society, demand an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
About 200 organizations were established in Bengal during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Tribal.
After a 33-year-old period, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops about developing capabilities, leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the platform of Women Liberal Women for Peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of women and by our right of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found me with a very difficult environment in the criminal period -- an environment that was getting more polarized, which is moved from selfish domination policies and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17th percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, shortly, the elation of elections and revolution as a whole, , they were disappearing; every day we find news news.
So one day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and subjects.
Another day he came along with the news of the American ambassador and the consumer attack.
Another day we woke up with the news of the military killings of the military.
And every day, every day we woke up with the government of the military and their continued human rights violations and their lack of respect from law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, would be published, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
intolerance, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our story of the success of creation list and elections.
Rather, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose bad, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The creative list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish domination policies and exclusion, both by men like by women?
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion . .
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation creation more than the elections, which only reinforced polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the feminine more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and calling anger days.
We need to start acting as an agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, that not only honor, but it also puts the mercy instead of revenge, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, which is war-torn, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an alchemy that deals with the intersection and the alternative between female perspectives and male perspectives.
That's the real creation.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do a social form.
According to a version of the Koran``Sally"-- peace --``is the word of the Middle God, comparable, compassionate . ''
At the same time, the word``sheet ,"which is known in all the agricultural traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``steel"--``steel"-- symbolizing the feminine and maternal, which is going to go to all the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all the people have ever ever been tribes.
And so, just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, that grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion can all exist.
And so we're told,``My mercy is all about things . ''
And so we're told,``My mercy is going to be about my anger . ''
It's all about the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
So I'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question, which has an equally disturbing answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to tackle is the one that everybody always does: Why does she stay?
Why was anyone going to stay with a man who paid him?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old . I had just license at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and an editor in the sensual magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green American card, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I believed my twin soul, he pointed to my head with a gun, loaded with pole bullets.
The man, who loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threaten to kill more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of crazy love, a psychological trap, forced of love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be your story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm a license in English at Harvard University and I have a MBA at Margaret Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for``Fortune 500 ,"between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burna and The Washington Post.
I'm almost 20 years old with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black worker and driving a minister of Hong Oriel.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all religions, all levels of kidney and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the bats are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interdependent, long duration, or, , in the families, the last place where we want or hope to find violence -- reason for which, domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told them that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who would paste him, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women in between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year by couples, boyfriend and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy January night.
I was sitting next to me in the subway in New York, and I started to float with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he also had just license from a University of the Viager Video and worked in a very important bank in Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a guy in the field.
I had a little bit of big apples like apples, and a wheat flow, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it especially at the beginning by putting in a pedestal.
We started out and loved all of me -- that was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, who put passion to help teenage girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congress believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had ever done.
And that's why the bachelor in that prestigious school and work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduce and do the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I quit my job and Congo and I left Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a crazy love, which was entering a physical, physical, financial and psychological trap . .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she react.
And this is where they come into the scene.
As soon as we moved to New England, you know, that site where I'm supposed to be so safe, it was bought to buy three guns.
One was in the car glove.
Another one was thrown under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that he needed those guns because of the trauma that lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pilots actually were a message for me and, although I had never raised my hand, my life was in serious danger, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the shirt . .
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very tight.
It just had felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and for the fact of forming a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make me harm.
I spent twice as much on our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach, and I lost, and he gave me so hard in the head that bounces several times against the car window.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he was drowned by the traffic, and I'll throw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Now, I kept giving you one or twice a week for week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a domestic violence victim, or it's at some point in their life, and the Disease Control Center report that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question, why did I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply tormented man, and was the only person in the world who could help Congo face his demons.
The other question that everybody does is,``Why don't you just go down?
Why didn't I go? I could have been at any time.
To me this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that you normally ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a battered.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the killings in cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has put the relationship to the relationship, after they go, because then the abusive has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent harassment, even after the grandmother has gone back to marry, density of financial resources, and manipulation of the family judicial system to land the victim and their children, that normally are forced by the judges to spend time not supported with the man who would attach their mother.
And we still wonder why it simply doesn't go?
I was able to go, because of a last physicist that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, he would have killed me if he had allowed him.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody: to police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotype victims as spooky headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why do you stay? ''
For some people, it's a way of saying```` guilt is yours for staying, , as if victims are going to be trying to get in love with men who want to destroy.
But since I published``Loc love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also escaped, who learned an endless lesson of what happened to them, and that they record their lives, joyful and happy lives as employees, wives and mothers, lives completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a young man, and we have those three children.
I have that black worker, and also that mine.
What I'm not going to come back to having never more, ever, is a charged gun pointing to my head in somebody who says it wants me.
Right now, the same thing you're thinking,``Hey, that's fascinating!"or``Hi, which silly was!"but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being abused or that they were small or that they are abused . .
The suitcase could be affecting her daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is only in silence.
They have the power to end the domestic violence simply shedding light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Take the evil to light talking about it with his children, their coworkers, their friends and family . .
They rethink their vision of survivors as fantastic and charming people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow down their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hello . My name is Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel like right now there's an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed this . Luckily, I've brought clothes to change me.
This is the first laundry shift on a TED stage;, so you have a lot of luck to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I showed up, they don't have to do it now, but I'll find it later on Twitter . .
I also want to point that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These heels are very uncomfortable; I don't have to use them anymore.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so do nothing while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope that not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that I would play the back and it would take the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one I made two days ago for the work, there's very little we can do to transform our aspect, which, as superficial and unchanging, has a big impact on our lives.
So today, for me, it means being honest means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but it would be a sense.
The first question is, how do you become model?
And I always say,``A cheap candy discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I became model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire, we've also associated with a high and exploded shape, to womanhood and white skin.
And that's my heritage, heritage that I've known to tap to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience that now is a skeptic, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say -- wait . There are Naomi, Tie, Joan Shanghai, Lou Wing.
First of all, the happy to know so much of models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and each of the models in the past, and from 177 controlled models, , only 27, is to say, less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is: can I be model when it's larger?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then what I would really tell each of these girls is: why? You can be whatever you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a boring, boring surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say,``I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the redesigning head of the American Voice magazine or the CEO of H & M, or the next Steven Mestron.
To say you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all what I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike charity surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've ended up your studies, and you have a rsum and a few jobs to your back, no matter what you say, that is, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your rsum said,``model clothes for 10 years, people would look at you weird.
The next question that people are always doing is if all of the pictures are getting together.
And yes, it's practically reconstructing all the photos, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a bikini, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
That's how I fought my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I'm in a passion party a few days before the photos for the French Voice.
Here I am with my football team and in the magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creations of a group of professionals, pen, machilles, photographers and statistics, all their aid and pressure people, and they're able to create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: do you get free things?
I have too much of 20 centimeters and I never use, except the last couple, but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life, and we don't like to talk.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a shop, and I forgot to take money, and gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a driver who was a driver, and he jumped a red sign, and, of course, we stopped, and he was based on a feeling, agents to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not because of what I am . And there are people who are paying a price for their appearance no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers that were stopped and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 black young people in New York, so for them, isn't it a question of me?
How many times I'm going to stop? And when?
By research for this talk, I learned that 50 percent of the 13 years old in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes to 78 percent at the age of 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: if you're a little bit more thin and you have the brightest hair, you'll feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe looks like it.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to be able to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what I never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them is, I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my appearance every day.
And if you ever wonder: With some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier?
They just have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the most fast, but probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But mostly it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to retain from this talk, I hope that everyone feels more comfortable to recognizing the power of the image in perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to take a camera, but I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures, and I wasn't me who took them.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them random.
My story starts when, me in New York City to give a lecture, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That's the corner of the 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you imagine what comes now.
When I approached the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me,``Why don't you bring up to New York on a paradoxical trip and continue the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to get us the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
Never nobody has denied, and fortunately, no one has ever been with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day, that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop time in a week of October and making us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only a physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reach new animals, and I can see life through his eyes and how they perceive and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we expect with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly, it stopped in dry and pointed out a red shot of the tent of dolls that I had a little in previous visits.
And I described what had felt about five years in that same place.
I began to remember his heart beating with force when he saw that place for the first time nine years.
And now what I look at in New York, is universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are memories.
So, I want to share the idea of participating actively in conscious creation of memories.
I don't know, but besides these 15 photos, I don't go out in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one that takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't stop getting closer to somebody and ask yourself, do you get a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bills are in the most threatened bird group.
First, why do they have so bad press?
It's also been associated with Disney laughter as personal characters, stupid, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the pink Kenyan press, applause and algae, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept . You know why?
Because Parliament members don't keep clean in the environment; parliament can't help prevent the spread of disease.
They're hardly monitoring . They're away from extinct . And, my favorite, the bills have better presence . There are two kinds of bills on this planet.
There are the New World bubbles that are mainly found in the Americas, like the centers and the cards, and the Old World bills, where we have 16 species, of these 16 , 11, face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the bumps important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
It's our natural trash collectors.
They clean the walls to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them would spread and cause large losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bills, the carcasses take three to four times more time to decompose, and this has huge branching in disease spread.
Bucks also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Nelson was the symbol of the protective and the math and, along with the copper, they were synchronized the unit between the height and the High Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology, Jacque was the birthday god, and he risked his life to save the Syrian goddess of the 10 head devil.
In the Tibetan culture, a few very important entrepreneurs are done, and in places like Tibet, there is no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these bills provide a natural disposal system.
What is the problem with bursts?
We have eight species of bills in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason that they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . The passive communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the bills are victims of this.
In Southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bills are on the critical list of extinction danger, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dictical.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a position.
Since there are no bills, there's been a spread in the number of dead dogs in cave landfill, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge time bomb for rage, the number of anger cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya's going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : 353 advertising will be up the Turkana lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
They're birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible market of dead bubbles to serve the puzzle and the features market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds . We're putting them transmissions.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focusing on a local problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the bills, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide.
How can you help? You can become active, make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very impressive creatures, donate their time to spread the word . Disability the word.
When they come out of this room, they will be informed on the bills, but they talk to their families, their children, with their neighbors on the bills.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion, because he saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
I'm not yet . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory of ivory, Algeria and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project that we established in Africa failed.
And I was disturbed.
I thought, at 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing good work in Africa.
Rather than that, everything we've been playing with.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``The Zampian waves ,"was a project where some Italians decided to teach people in Zambia to grow food.
So, we came with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to the Zama River, and we teach the local to grow Italian tomatoes and workshops, and ...
And of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they don't change . We were astonished that the local, in so fertile, hadn't had agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we simply said,``Thank God we are here ."`` Just to save the people in the famine of famine . .
And of course, everything in Africa is getting beautiful.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato would grow up to this size . In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the names,``Look what easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice, mature and red, overnight, about 200 hypothesis, the river, and they ate everything, and we said to the names, ,``Oh my God, we chose them!
And the names said,``Yeah, so we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't they say it?"`` You never ask . ''
I thought we were only Italian we made mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what the Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia . .
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothetical.
You should see the waste -- you should see the waste that we gave them to the confidence of Africa.
He wants to read a book, read``Dead aid"by Damascon Moometting, the named economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we have delivered the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about harm that money has caused.
Just read your book.
Put it from a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
Westerners are imperative, colliding missions, and we treat people only in two ways: , or we sponsor them, or we are painful.
The two words come from the Latin``kick ,"which means``father . ''
However, they mean two different things.
Pathology, I treat any of a different culture like my children .``I want a lot . ''
Patrick, all of all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the white ones in Africa are called``bank ,"boss.
And that book gave me a slap in the face:``The small thing is beautiful ,"and written by Scholarty, who said about the most economic development, if people don't want to be helped, sleeping alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the guy who opened up this conference put a cane on the ground and said,``Can you -- can you imagine a city that's not harmful? ''
I decided at the age of 27, just responding to people, and I invented a system called Facebook company where you never start anything, you never motivate anybody, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of the local who have the dream to become a better person.
So what do you do? You shut up.
They never get to a community with an idea, and he sits with the people of locality.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee . We got together in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give somebody an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what are you going to do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, at once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, listen to them? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
Entrepreneurs never go, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't support their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family of the company, the family's family doctor, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in your coffee, and helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of winning life.
I started this as a test in Spirit, West Australia City.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this consistent trash that we came to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects on the march, and the government came to me to say,``How can you do that?
How can you do it?"And I said,``I did something very, very, very difficult.
I shut up and listened to them ."So -- so, the government says,``Tell me again ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the greatest business advisers in history, died at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Drush was a philosophy professor before he involved in business, , and this is what Peter Drug says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now you're rebuilding Christchurch without knowing what the most astute people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn to get these people to come to conversation with you.
You have to offer them conflict, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you'll get it, you'll come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 clients.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What do you present this morning?
Particular local people . That's what you.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial fuel revolution, non-state fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
Free as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider, is how we nurture, we cure, we educate, we transport, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do that.
Who's going to invent the technology for the green revolution? universities? Forget it!
The government? Forget it!
You'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a remarkable story that I read in a futuristic journal, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in 1862, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was naive: New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and pointed out, if the population is kept growing up to this rate, to train the population of New York to the surroundings, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already being added in dung . So, in 1868, they were dividing this dirty technology that would organize New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, there were 1.6 automotive manufacturing companies , 1901.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, scales, factories in approached places.
Debrin, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them.
Otherwise, they won't talk to you.
Then you have to offer them an absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And then, then, then you will have to tell you the truth of understanding.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things -- the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to tell a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a human being in the world that can do, sell and look for the money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 icons of Carnegie world, Western, Edison, Ford, all new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: None was initiated by one person.
The word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He was not only when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone . Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee, in bars along their communications dedicated who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epidemic, somebody who's asking you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh, no, I can't do that . ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
They can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we didn't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like autopsies, templates and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we stand and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love in New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant robots that give shadows to lovers, drunk and dreamer for centuries and trust in a city . .
There's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the highest amount of abandoned properties in America.
I live close to this house, and I thought how it could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Joan, as a mother for me.
Her death was sudden and unexpected . .
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a deep gratitude for time.
He gave him clarity to the meaningful things of my current life.
But I'd like to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let it go through the day and forget what really important for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant blackboard, and painted on her sentences to complete,``Before I want...''
So the train could take a chalk, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect this experiment, but the next day the wall was packed and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by piracy ."`` Before I want to sit down, I want to sit down on the line change line.
\" Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I die, I want to plant a tree . ''
\" Before I die, I want to live outside the network . ''
\" Before I die, I want to hug it again . ''
\" Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue . ''
\" Before I die, I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive, and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh, and they were dished, and they gave me a difficult time.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new and slavery ways, it's about giving the reflection and the contemplation, and to remember what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we did a kit and now they've been made walls in countries around the world like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distractions, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve perspective and remember that life is short and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
To think about the clarify death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as a community and more means to share hopes, fears and stories, the people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a one request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my siblings.
It's 22 years old, and it's high and very handsome.
It doesn't talk, but I transmit better than some of the best speakers.
Remember knows what love is.
And I share it unconsciously, what happens.
It's not nice . It doesn't look at the skin color.
It doesn't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even be able to remind me, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 . It's high . It's very handsome.
It has the most unpredictable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my chocolate, , but I remember the year when every song of my iPod came out, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I'm going to take paper on my arm during the first episode of Telescords and the birthday of Lady Gaga.
Doesn't it look amazing?
But most people disagree.
And in fact, because your minds don't adjust the concept of normal society, they are often ignored and understood.
But what propelled my heart and forced my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term``autism ,"is a brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual, it's manifest in a different way, and it's that Reming is so different from Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism is diagnosed, and even though it's one of the fastest disorders of the fastest rise in the world, there is no cause, no known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months spent, I realized that he was different.
I was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
It was alive, and he was sitting in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, putting the cars around the room, looking at the washing machine and eat anything that would be between media . .
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more obvious.
But beyond the bugs, the frustration and the endless hyperactivity, there was something really unique: pure and innocent, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there's been some difficult moments in my family, times I would have wished that they were just like me . .
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that would not want to change for normal.
The normality passes the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some of it is wrong.
It only means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to R and to Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have -- they're a gift! Every one of us has a gift inside and, honestly, the search for normality is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change dies at the time we try to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what must have been to be Alice in the wonders of the wonders.
Penn State asked me, a communications professor, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared . It was really scared . scared of these students with their great minds, their big books and their big and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt when she fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt like I had those conversations with students, and I was surprised with the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world as well.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We need desperately a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to the environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know about this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, bear with simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do that to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer ourselves, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us . .
They don't just tell us that they study the trailers, but they study the concentrations, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, care with the jargon.
jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say``space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time ,"which is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing as to make them dumb.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies . These are ways of hacking and enthusiasm with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget about the signs of bullet.
You have asked why they're called bullets? What do the bullets do? bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, it's also supported in the area of the language of our brain and overwhelmed.
Instead, this example of General Brown's example is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the concentrations is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legal phrase that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphics that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described.
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and see the country of wonder that's science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, all the media, make me simple . Thank you.
One of my favorite words in the entire dictionary of English Oxford is``stabilized . ''
Just because it sounds very good.
And``technology"means``destructive policy . ''
Although there was a periodic editor of the 19th century, which was much better at defined when he said,``A New Sergios is the one that looks for a public charge no matter party, platform or principle, and that, when it wins, you get it by the mere use of a message version . ''
I have no idea what it means``respect . ''
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the policy base, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until, for example , 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary camera.
And this was all because of the value of a guy with the insane name of Brazil Crow, who faced the Parliament.
They got into the London Tower and they were incarcerated, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such popular support in London that he won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase,``That's how flat the metal.
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's because of a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to America, just after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that might have failed.
Some of them wanted to call it``The West of State Washington ,"and others,```` His Art George Washington ,"and other``Lebanese of the U.S. peoples, Washington . ''
Not very backward.
Some just wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And even with it, they were monoculone, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it might have served.
Everybody gets tired of it, because this debate is protected for three weeks.
He read a poor Senator, and I always wrote,``still with this topic . ''
What caused the delays and the until the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to get rid of power.
They didn't want to call it King for him, and he was giving him the idea of ideas.
So, they wanted to give it the most modest, more insignificant and more unfortunate title.
And that title was``President . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . It already existed before, but it just meant``somebody who is pressing a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And it didn't have much more gravity than the term``foreman"or``supervisor . ''
There were an eventual president of small colonies and government fractions, but it was really an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate is thrust.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it president . ''
\" This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign dictionaries . ''
\" And who will take it seriously with such ridiculous and insignificant title as President of America? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't quit.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite, as far as I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been able to form President's title.
President Barack Obama is lucky to stay there, waiting for the Senate between in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it's possible that we keep waiting for 232 years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all as modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of non-lethal aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and the story have doubled the degree of gravity.
So, I won the Senate.
They got their respect title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a singularity by then.
But you know how many nations do you have now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So, at the end, the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost, because nobody is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I'd like to leave you with.
Politics are trying to choose and use words to shape form and control reality, but really, the reality is much more than the words that these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 feet underground in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk, but above all, that captain of male cough and stones with primitive tools.
Like others, I take a cheap light out of a giant light subject to the head with this orange elastic, and I can barely distinguish the balloons that hold the walls of that hole that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
And I slipped my hand, and I suddenly remember a mining that I met before, who lost control and fell inner meters in that pit . .
While I talk to you today, these men are deep in that hole by risking their lives without paying or reward, and often dying.
I walked out of that hole, and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Peace Peace Summit.
Among all the amazing people that I met there to an integral of Freud the Salts, the NGO, which is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery, and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that I existed in the world, but not to such a degree.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad -- honestly, I was embarrassed to ignore this attraction of our days, and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a name of the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the CEO of the Sarah and offer my help.
So this started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I'd been in many of these sites.
Some, even, I considered them my second home.
But this time, I would sell the dirty traps.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people who are enslaved in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced during all of the trafficking of transparent slaves.
150 years ago the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today you can enslave the entire families for the entire debt of $18 , 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false education promises and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without paying, under threat of violence and they can't escape.
Today's slavery is operating, the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are disposable.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick furnaces.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or to the Indian hell.
Instead, in a temperature of 54 degrees, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped up in a heavy sheet of powder stacked in their heads, up to 18 at once, and take them from the hot furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
They delivered the monkey and the tiredness work on silence, doing this task over and over over 16 hours a day.
There were no pages to eat, not to drink, and the severe disappearance was to pee pretty intrinsically.
So penis were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run to the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the writer that was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct aid.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
It could put them into a worse situation than they were already.
I had to rely on Freedom the Salts and work inside the system for his release and confidence that they would get it.
In me, I waited to get home to feel my heart disorder.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running stones for miles for mountains that were waiting down.
Those big villages were more heavy than the kids who carry them and the kids were holding them to their heads with cards made from sticks, ropes and makers.
It's hard to present something that overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without paying because this has been all their life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villages picked up their freedom, slaves were constantly burned their homes.
When we hear the word slavery, we often think about sexual trafficking, and because of this global awareness, I was reminded that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was reminded women who had been previously sexual slaves.
They drove me for some acoustic stairs that were given to this filthy, flexible light.
It wasn't exactly a brothel.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restrictions, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small, private rooms, where the slave slaves with their girls and children, some of that only seven years are forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse in their clients.
In the time, I remember making sense a hot acute fear and, in that moment, I could barely imagine what must be stuck in that hell.
I only had a output: the stairs where I walked into.
There were no traces.
There were no good enough windows to climb.
Those people don't have a school, and because we play such a hard topic, it's important to point out that slavery, even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 100,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
textiles are another activity that we often relate to with the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The blind hands of black are the father, the searches of blue and of red, of their children.
They mix sharks on these big barrels, and they dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, however, can be able to get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay us our work . ''
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense?
Wrong . They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their trained families, disappeared and forced to work strangers in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up, he was shaking, and he feared that his little canoe was an ambassador.
I was paralyzed for the fear of falling into the water.
The branches of the trees submerged in the Volcope lake often catching networks and children, fatigue and fear, they throw into the water to unleash the branches.
Many are drowned.
Since it remembers, it has always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee, and as all of life has been treated with cruelty, it's cruel, cruel to the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they were lifted up the latest networks, but they had been working from a one.
In the cold and windy night.
And it's going to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fish village.
I met it in a shelter where French is that Shermore's subject to scholarship of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will become because of someone decided to make a difference in their life?
Conducting for a road in Ghana with French partners, the Solar, a fellow anti-compliance with his metal suddenly accelerate and over our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it on a land path to the forest.
At the end of the way, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver to go out quickly.
And then he pointed out this path barely visible and said,``This is the road, this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started going down, we took the nurses that blocked the way, and after walking about an hour, we found that the path was attached by the recent rains, so I put the picture of photos on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walk, the naked path ended up in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all full of enslaved workers.
Many women had children tied up to their backs, and while they were looking for gold, they were walking in poisoned waters with mercury.
The mercury is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a single part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at their eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 meters, and these people have heavy stone bags that will then be transported to another area where they can get the stone to be able to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full of strong and gorgeous men, , but if we look closer to the margin, we see the other less lucky and also children.
These are all injury victims, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the mental poisoned in a few years.
This is Andrew . When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Manya inherit the debt of uncle, which force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years, and the leg of the leg you see here is a product in the mine, so severe that the doctors said it should be amputated.
In addition to that, Manya has tuberculosis, and I don't know that, he's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream to be released and educated with local activists, like French activists, and it's this kind of determination, to face a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to shine light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all around the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to give them testimony from them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazine . They are people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's not one day that I don't think about these many beautiful, battered people that I've had the great honor of knowing.
I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that force goes on a fire, and that that fire is light on slavery, because without that light, the beauty of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do applied mathematics, and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does: , we're like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'm going to try -- to try and explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They delight the virtues of the ballet and the clay dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial competence that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually this extraordinary skill, as it does with my friend Jane Street, ,, in his time, was a virtuous dance dancer.
In the last few years, a lot of progress has been progress.
However, there are six billion people in the world that are sick and they have to deal with an incurable weakness, tremor, stiffness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and a closing metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers, and so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a 20-year-old test test.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that out of the clinical trials, they never do . It's never been done.
What if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic . What if patients could do the test themselves?
He wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to show you as a nonprofit form to try, you see, in a sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Street.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows somebody healthy as we speak sounds, and we can imagine how a vocal ballet dancers, because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds, and we all have the necessary genes.
And, like the ballet, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about the time it takes a kid to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate, and as Parkinson affects the limbs, it also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom, you can see an example of a irregular shake of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
vocal shake, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspiring after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these based tests in the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, both of these are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them.
They're both accurate . Okay, but also the tests based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be autistic.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds a lot.
We all know what happens.
When something can get a cost so low, it appears at a massive scale.
These are some amazing list goals to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high frequency monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could do low-cost mass recruit for clinical trials, and for the first time, factories on the general scale.
We have a chance to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it's too late.
So, by giving today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Initiative.
Together to Ackland and Pakistani, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with no Parkinson, can be called low prices and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who isn't?
What are you going to get out of these samples?
Max Little: : Yeah, yeah . What happens is that during the call, you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR: Sure.
MT: You see, some people may not pass it . You may not end it.
But let's get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances, because we're looking for the conflict factors for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MT: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thanks, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, what the project does . We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: November and nine . Well, it's an improvement.
MT: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Little, public.
MT: Thank you, Tom . .
Before March 2011, I made photographic letters in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We do to the most thin thin models, the perfect skin, we do the impossible, possible, and criticized us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where it was voluntary, there is Volaroscopic, it was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Russia.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the pattern of about 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The water level managed over 24 feet tall, and over three miles long inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took rubble of channels and bushs.
We cleaned up schools . We took off the mud and we leave the ready houses to be renewed and rehabilitation.
We took tons and tons of fish fish, and advanced, the local factory of local factory.
We looked at us and we loved it.
For weeks, both the volunteers as neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and photos of photos and cameras and SD cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
You'll pick them up and bring them into different places from people around the villages to keep them.
It wasn't until that I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered.
While they went out of the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week I began to help in a village event center.
It helped clean the ordinary bathrooms, giant bars.
This place turned out to be also the place in the village where the empire center collect photos.
There they took them, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression beyond the horizontal, but it wasn't until I was carrying myself my horizons that something happened.
Looking at the photos, I found some who were over a hundred years old, some of them were still in the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that trait, and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came in Facebook contacted some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started collecting the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too frustrated, but where the water had declared the face of the girl, I had to fix a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have a aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the broken picture.
Over time, they came up with a lot more photos and they needed more records, so it came into Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later 80 days later , 80 countries were offered to help . .
Within two weeks, I had 150 people who were willing to join.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Republican, a neighboring town in the north of Haman.
Once a week we used our scanner in temporal photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they took to deliver them is a different story, it depends on the desert of photos.
It could be an hour . It could make weeks.
It could make months.
This kid had to draw precisely by hand using the areas whose color and detail, the water had no destroyed.
It took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all of these pictures submerged in saltwater, covers of bacteria, with algae, even oil, all of it together with the time step, by destroying them, that's why cleaning them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't take the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner.
We were lucky with clean cleaning.
We count the guide of an admirable neighbor.
It's very easy to provide the photos even more.
As Wednesday once said, my group's leader is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought these pictures were lucky in relation to the photos.
She had started to clean them up, but he stopped realizing that the damage even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not be able to reconstruct, we were able to fix the images in a single picture and pick up the whole picture.
When he collected his pictures shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the photos in a bomb station between rubble quite far from where they used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The tsunami day, his husband was the experimenter of closing barriers to the wave.
It had to go inside the water while the Sirens sounded.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took him a week to find all his family and know that they had all survived.
The day he gave her photos his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, , despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could come back to look at, something that could remember from the past that wouldn't have been beaten on that day, when everything in his life changed or destroyed . .
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had joined up to there, hundreds of them, helped us clean up over 13,000 photographs, the vast majority -- the vast majority of them went into their owners.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us return to 90 families of fully highlighted and recorded photos.
During this time, we don't really spend more than $1,000 in teams and materials, most of them in the printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted.
They're sheets of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we would come back to.
And about this, I was trying to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture is going back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of records.
Some of them connected them with something larger, to return something, using their talent for something that's not a perfect skin models.
To finish, I'd like to read this email . I sent him Cinert the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was playing, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories showed in images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to small child, gathered around a baby, I moved, because a similar picture of my family, my mother, my mother and my daughter was born, hangs on our wall . .
In the entire world, in all the time our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doctor Edinburgh inspired us with wonder and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that draws an apple in an exhibition of only one million seconds.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present you a new kind of photograph: the photographer -- a new technique that can create videos in slow motion of light in motion.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or to see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really challenges the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer, and I get it and I turn on a billionth of a second, which is, in several seconds, to create a piece of photons of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that bullet, travel at the speed of light, again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a nano-speed is what takes light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't support this research . There's a lot of things to do in this movie, to break this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through and that, inside, it starts to spread.
Part of the light goes down, goes to the table, and we started seeing these conditions.
Many of the photons finally get to the room and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a bubble of air that bounces inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflections of the top, it looks at the bottom of the bottle, after various frames, that the thoughts are concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet, and we make the same distance and we see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to sit down to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film of a Slow movement in motion.
And how about proving dead nature?
You can see the waves that are coming out of the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, and I thought, from a festival at a time, ,, , of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at it again, this tomato will realize that as the light got out of the tomato, it goes bright . It doesn't get dark.
Why? Because the tomato is ripe and the bouncing light inside and comes back after several biological of seconds.
In the future, when this camera is in its mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture of a low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you just go into something of light.
We sent that bullet, that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very astute synchronize, we took those gigabytes of data and we train them computational to create those farmers I showed you.
We can take all those raw data and process them in a interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a supermassive future would allow him to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw a little bit of light on the door, rebuilding, enter the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light robots.
It's not science fiction . We've built it.
On the left is our camera.
Behind the wall there's a pack and we will bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly at slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like that fast, our camera is unique.
It has very good temporal resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent it is.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture in gross, that you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But will we take a lot of images like this, tens of images, put them together and try to analyze the multiple rebels of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that will avoid collisions with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build exploration able to see the inside of the body holding oceans, and the same for cardiology.
But of course, because of the tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so this is actually a asking for scientists to start thinking about cymatics as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of imagination imaging in the next generation.
As Doc Edison, himself a scientist, turned science into art, an art of stranger photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect every time is not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
It's going to create a new form of computer photography with slow motion and color codes.
And let's look at those waves . Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few biological biological waves.
But here's a funny thing.
If you look at the waves under the lid, these are away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects . Einstein would have loved this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's time . Thank you.
Hello . This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone you can record a song, put it to South and make famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a 1948 and live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people are protesting in search of a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people gathered in search for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who from the present have a cell phone here?
Put them up.
Raise your mobile phones, keep them!
Put them up . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . Almost everyone has a cell phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my cell phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 millimeters of information.
It's gross data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . Commission presented a directive.
\" Data Research Director . ''
This principal says that every European telephone company, every single Internet provider, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who . Who sends an email whom.
Who sends a text whom.
And if we use mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or their Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people came up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the self-determination in the digital age, and we don't want phone phones and Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said,``Freedom, I don't fear . ''
And some even said this would be the Stage 2.0.
The Stanford was the secret of Eastern Germany.
And I also asked if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time you use mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, Sweden Telecomous, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, please sent me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I was asking them again, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was all white, blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Nick Telecomous said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
I would remove the demand, and they would send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal failed the instability for the German law of the E.U.
So I received this ugly lady with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Triangle and five thousand three-dimensional information lines.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive . Okay.
But after a while I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data line means.
So, next to Zeither Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and get away, go back and forward . .
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I'm going from Franklin in train to colony, and what often I call on the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives you a little bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife, and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends, and they call it between them.
And then you call the other one, and the other one, and we ended up with this big network of communications.
You can see how people communicate with each other to what time they call each other, which time sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran . .
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who gives you an email whom, all this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the late 1989, had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who involved in this protest, , and if the Street had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall of Berlin may never have happened.
And, in consequence, it also isn't the Europe's Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But automation and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight that every day.
When you go home by giving your friends that privacy is a 21st century value, it's not happening.
When you go home, give your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remind you to remember that you have to fight the audience in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's called Maslocal Zaylet and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, suggesting the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so I'm shaking all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting.
and Muhammad Al . .
A C is not genetic.
It's not consistent, you can't hire.
Nobody claimed my mother's uterus and not contract because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
I just go through accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not an inspiration source, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because sometime in life, they wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from the country.
Christmas, they're in the commercial center, drive in circles in search for parking, and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little bit disabled? ''
Also, I say, I have 99 problems, and B C. is just one of them.
Out of an oppression of the oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and living in New Jersey . .
If you don't feel better, maybe you should.
I'm from Prize Park in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't . ''
And my father's mantra was,``You can [sing], you can do it . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned, I cleaned.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were sued to the school system and made sure that I was also, and if we didn't save all the ultimate note, we all received my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at five years by putting my heel on their feet and just walking . .
Another technique I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to pursue it.
The staircase that I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten was walking like a ship champion that has received many hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they keep all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would think appropriate using Muslims as a campaign motto.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to be worried about a lot of hunger during the branch.
I was telling them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so I'll be able to get out of dawn, and it's very easy.
dancing in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, or I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used heels, I also.
And when my friends were going to pass summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I wasn't going.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madonna.
In the summer vacation of summer, I often tried to bleed myself, so I drink a little deer milk, and they put hot cups on my back, I was in the Dead Sea, and I remember water burned my eyes and thought,``It works . ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga . .
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I did yoga, it was a waterfall that couldn't stand up.
And now I can hold on the head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be on the General Hospital Telescope.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because I was in all the parts.
It was like the mass department of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene from the crystal zoo my teachers crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Danita very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain palsy.
I was a girl with brain palsy.
So I started screaming at four winds:``At the end, I'll have a paper!
I have brain palsy.
At the end of the end, free!
Thank God all-powerful, I'm free .".
I didn't get paper . They gave it to Shrek Brown.
I went to increase running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask me why, and she told me that they couldn't do the risk stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts, you can't have the character . ''
It was a role for which I literally had born and gave it to an actress without brain palsy.
College was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a stupid story of hearing actors without disability for disabled papers.
By graduation, I went home, and my first actor tour was kind of weird on a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be a``behavior"to``better crazy friend"in a sandwich.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase, I didn't see me more than the whole one, and it was obvious to me that spare directors didn't hire credit, not white, disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Whitney Goldberg, Rose bars, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedy.
That's why I became humorous.
In my first tour I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first comic that he took when she fell in the high speed of New Jersey freeway with a driver that had brain palsy.
I worked in clubs across America, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without veil.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little nasty rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother's brother and father, Dean Blanchei, and I launched the Festival of New York City, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in the media, and at the same time remind them to the conductor directors that South Africa and Arabic are not synonymous.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited the news show of the cable news program with Keith Daniel.
I walked into a graduation dance, and I was dragged to a studio and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director, and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two...''
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the desk desk so I couldn't get out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end, I had my opportunity and the device . I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Handal came back to me, but he was like a complete time and pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned with Keith Handal was that people on the Internet are scarce.
It's said that children are cruel, but they never got rid of me or a little girl . .
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became an object.
I see clips online with comments like,``Why is it? ''
\" Is it back? ''
And my favorite:``Poor burning terrorist.
What disease does it have?
We should really pray for it . ''
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my rsum, judge, comedy, pathological . .
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Beijing, then Benki can't do someone in the wheelchair.
The disabled is the -- yes, clap, man . Come on.
The disabled are the largest minority in the world, and the most survivors in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I grew up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My sheer journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet that was released by the diabetes of the Susan Luxare Telescope and the cholera Lord Arabic . .
I got to act in a film with Adam Sandria and working with my pain, the incredible Dave Matthews.
I'm going to run the world,``The Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was devastated in representation of the great state of New Jersey at the GDP of 2008.
And I founded``The Children of Mayoff ,"a charity of charity to give the children refugees Palestinian a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live in live, and I gave this talk to her memory.
[ Description, Peace . ]
It's called Maslocal Zaylet, and if I can, you can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village.
I don't know your name, but I know your story.
He lives in a small town in southern Somalia.
This village is near McGowan.
The drought drives the small people to poverty and the edge of starvation.
Without anything to him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, McGowan, the capital of Somalia . .
When you get there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mogadishu.
After maybe a year, it's gone, nothing.
And one day he's approaching a gentleman who offers her to lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
He knows a dynamic group of people, who gives a break.
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, their family.
They introduce a young man.
He finally married.
It starts a new life.
It has a life target.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, a car bomb.
That little boy from that little town with the dreams of the big care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Sabbath, a terrorist organization connected with al Qaeda.
So how the story of a child of a little town, trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him getting excited?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came . .
This was the first thing I pulled out of what we call``waiting period . ''
And their story repeats in urban centers around the world.
It's the history of the marginalized, young urban urban young people who are disappeared in Johannesburg, disappeared riots in London, who are looking for something beyond``waiting period . ''
For young people, the city promise, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but the young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18 years old.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of``waiting period ,"the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the gangs, will be the story of cities 2.0.
And in my city of birth, McGowan , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, don't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Middle Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in that hospital linked to bullets thinking,``And if I would never have gone? ''
What if I had been forced to be in that same``waiting period"?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to get a few juvenile leaders in a business.
It gathered about 90 juvenile juvenile leaders.
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges that the city is facing.
One of the young people in the room was Advantage.
He went to the University of McGowan, he graduated . .
There was no work, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate, unemployed university, frustrated, was the perfect white to al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Fifty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
And they saw an opportunity and passed it.
He started a motorcycle company.
He started accumulating the local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 engines, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines for the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this different story?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the corporate spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period.
It makes young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mohamed, a florist.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flute that McGowan has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers to get your wedding, you used to be a plastic sent from the foreign.
If you asked somebody,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a filmmaker and flexible design.
He created a farm outside of Mogadishu, and he started growing the politicians and liters, which he said, they could survive the high Collider climate.
And he started the delivery of flowers for wedding, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on creating the first public park in McGowan in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
He wants to create a space where families, young people can go together, and as he says, they smell the proverbial pink.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mohamed's presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, work for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that might be the artifacts of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They created business solutions for local problems.
So inspired young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but the young people need capital to make their ideas.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put in their business.
They connect young people with the resources they need, give them the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, that's how it calls it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
They have to hire children from the street to help rent and keep the engines for him.
He gave them a chance to escape from``waiting period . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people in entrepreneurs, they include, and they feed their inherent innovation, and they'll have more stories about flowers and Peace Park than self-destructive.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to lunch with my dad in the Adam Mountains, an adjacent area north of the state of New York . .
It was a beautiful day.
The rainforest.
The sun was making the leaves glow as a vital, and it won't be along the way that we followed, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to pass that land.
We got to our camp . .
It was a speaker on a visit with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed, there was a trash, about four square meters with apple hearts pop and aluminum paper balls, and old cartoons.
And I was angry, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The campaigns that were too lazy to get what they had brought, who thought he was going to clean their trash?
That question followed with me, and it was a little bit simplified.
Who clean our trash?
Don't matter as an organization or where you put the``ours ,"who clean our garbage in Istanbul?
Who clean our garbage in Rio or in Paris or in London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash, for 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to meet them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that load?
So I started a research project with them.
He traveled in trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in offices and installations across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to get closer.
So I started working as a garbage receiver.
Now not just travel in trucks . I drive them.
And he was operating the mechanical scans and broke the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you were used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies continue to adjust the weight of taking over their body tons every week.
There's also danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and coming into traffic all day and you pass around you.
They just want to happen, so in general the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and causes terrible damage.
I also learned about the implant of garbage.
When you get out of the house and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never comes.
It's also like a way of breathing or circulation.
It always must be in motion.
And there's also stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic, because I believe that waste recorders are the most important workforce on the streets of town, for three reasons.
It's the first public health providers.
If you don't get rid of waste in efficient and effective ways every day, this starts to get rid of your container and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries are going back and start to hurt.
The economy needs it.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the economies of the economy begin to fail when they're in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just sign its relationship.
And then it's what I call our average damage necessary.
I mean, I'm just talking about the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We don't usually worry about it, and we don't repeat, we clean or we carry with us our coffee cup, our sandwich, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we forget about them, because we know that there's a force force on the other side that will get out of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her job, I think, is almost a static.
They're on the street every day, rhythmic.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to expect them.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us apart from ourselves, of our own waste, our disasters, and that flow always has to stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th , 2001, I heard the grave of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son, and I went down the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey like I did all the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank her to do his job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just nodded, and he said,``We're going to be fine.
We're going to be okay . ''
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection and I went back to that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Pauling was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species, we have to include all the costs, even the very real very real human cost of labor.
municipal waste, what we think when we talk about trash, represent three percent of the amount of waste waste.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one you see someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different perspectives from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of various floors in the Ethiopia capital, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was,``I want to get running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals with crystals generates heat inside, so it's necessary to deal with.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the year.
And third, it looks nothing about Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame by being so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really captured with the ancient market, which is this open-air structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of various stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was introduced to the inspiration of the site, which is located in a very growth area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, using all the entries of the building.
And this extends with an inclusive atrium that creates an open-air space in the building that will be substantially engaged, by its own form, the sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to an ant shell with drilling drilling to allow the entrance of the air, and also of light, but in a filter way.
Then we inspired these beautiful buttons of the dresses of the Ethiopian.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little precise pieces that are the windows that let the air go through and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is full of these little crystal crystals that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a shopping center . It's not what we ask . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because in the end there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic, not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have an air conditioning.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy support for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting photographers on the roof.
And then under those panels, we think of the roof as a new public space with gathering areas and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these rocks on the roof, that together they collect water for the health care.
It's expected for the beginning next year, because we go through the fifth floor of building.
The second example is a teacher of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia City.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one I've designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was extend existing streets, creating 12 similar initial blocks in size and characteristics that are in Barcelona and other cities of Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, as the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in medicine climate?
And it's north, because it creates a thermal difference between the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that make sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density in the upper levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project, is almost like reinventing the community occupied by construction.
It's where all of the neighbors, they can go up and socialize, and make activities like running a car of two miles in the morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies to the same rate that buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple, but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and environment, and they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
It had huge amounts of hair very bright and a small set of pencils, cute . It was super strong for the state capitals, very good for chocolate.
I ended that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my own plan.
One day I got a time after the school exit . It was a little late and hid me in the bathroom of girls.
When the coast was cleared, I went out, in the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the book of grades.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival, just a little bit, just some like this.
All of the East . And I went back to back the book to the box, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes too.
So in a frenzy, I run the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of you from D and myself a row of like that, just for being there, because I could ...
I still surprise me what I did.
I don't understand how the idea arose.
I didn't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was that it was all disappeared.
They never found me.
But most of all, I get rid of the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for criticism.
I'm integrating the jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so permanent . .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy . .
The primates . Blue birds are very likely.
We know that the cells are the number one cause of cars in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that looks at loneliness, or the long duration or the sadness.
So, you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab that they study in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy, there would be neither literature.
Because there would be no Helen, there would be no``Odysseus . ''
There would be no child king, no``The thousand and a night . ''
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the reading lists of high school, because we would be losing``The Noise and the Furby ,"no``Gates"or```` Federator"or``Federator ."We would lose``Madame Bora ,"and``Anna K . ''
Without jealousy, there's no Proust . I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of jealousy, almost all of them.
This year , 100 years old of his masterpiece,``In search for lost time ,"the most extensive study of sexual jealousy, and as well as ordinary competitiveness, mine, everything we could have, and thinking about Proust, we have the sentimental details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a marketing market in your lava.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget what it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Worldcomer said were as hard as cat flu.
I don't know what the cat flu is, but suppose it's strong.
So let's see why they go so well, the novel and the jealousy, the jealousy and Proust.
It's going to be very obvious like the jealousy, which are reduced to the person, their wish, to their impediments, are they a good solid basis?
I don't know . I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being a storyteller and the audience, we know exactly what details include, to wash the knife, right?
The jealousy makes us all amateur novels, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now . ''
And he starts to say to himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every single thing that Sam determines in his lover, he adds him to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You need to admit that Nathan and Proust, they were notoriously jealous.
You know, Professor's boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's hard work . Right?
The jealousy is exhausting.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And what are the jealousy?
Children are nurtured with information.
The jealousy uses the details.
They like the large amounts of bright hair and the cute and small pencil set.
Children are nurtured from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful . It proved links well to the language of the ice.
When Nathan is in his jealousy aircraft, suddenly listen behind the doors and bribe to the snakes of his lover, then they defend those behaviors.
He says,``look, I know you think this is disgusting, but it's not different than the interpretation of an ancient text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says,``These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
So it's trying to prove that the jealousy looks miserable and make us seem absurd, but in their own, they're search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth, in fact, the more painful the truth, the better the truth, the better.
Pain, humiliation, loss: : These were the pathways to the wisdom of Proust.
He says,``A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, provoke in us a much deeper and vital feelings than a wise man that can be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that jealousy will disclose ourselves.
And there's some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our agriculture, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at very peculiar intensity?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young man who was consumed with the idea that his woman deceive him.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
So she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that his wife did, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
smiles too much, or do you accidentally laugh with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the custody of his wife's unconscious.
The novels are very good at this.
novels are very good at how the jealousy makes us look at intensity, but no precision.
In fact, the more intensely jealous we are, we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the jealousy leads us to make violent acts or illegal acts.
The jealousy drives us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight, I recognize it . But I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman of Michigan of 52 years old was captured for having created a false Facebook account from which visual messages was sent, horrible to itself for a year.
For one year, a whole year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend, and I have to confess that when or this, reacted with admiration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous, though unfortunate, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
Like a Patrick High novel.
Higgs is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in a train"and``The talented Mr. Riley ,"books that are trying to have the jealousy, confused our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what it might be, it can be perfected in a instant.
Take Tom Riley, his most famous character.
Tom Riley is going to burn or want what you have to take away from your self and to be able to push what you ever had, and it's under the floor . responds to your name, it takes your rings, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Riley.
I can't give you everybody, as much as I would like.
It's a pity, because we live in time of envy.
We live in jealousy times.
I mean, are we good citizens of social networks, where the currency is the envy? Right?
The novels show you the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're at a mystery.
Let's go to the 25th of Baker Street, and we asked by Sherry Hollywoods.
When people think about Hollywood, think about the malaria in the Morolice Professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred [unclear] Lesterland, the chief head of Scott garden, which needs desperately Hollywood, needs the genius of Hollywood, but he's annoyed.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lesterland needs its help, but it's a result, and bubble with bitterness in each one of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The adventure of the Six Nazis ,"once Hollywood goes into, they're dazzled to everybody with his solution, Lester goes back to Hollywood and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there's no person at Scott Head that I wouldn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the times that we see Hollywood transferred in history . I think this is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat jealousy as a problem of geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they are on the same side.
Suddenly, Len is allowed to admire that idea of being him.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the jealousy is really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the advertising plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction for us.
Just discovering the jealousy.
fiction used to do the dialogues, I invite you to the table.
And look at what I rented: the Leviathan sweets, the Treat Tom Riley, the crazy Sally Professor . .
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside the spinal cord of Apollo 11 and descended on the Saturday Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence on the surface surface of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest movement in peace time in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the fixed Apollo program , 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked on their surface, which Alisth after the death of Armstrong last year is now the oldest.
So why did they go?
They didn't bring a lot back : 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would emphasize later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rick at the University of Rick in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some wonder, why do the moon?
Why will turn it into our target?
And you might also ask, why would scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why would we fly over the Atlantic?
Why play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're difficult.
Jason Polling: for the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War in the Cold War.
In the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder to the transcendence of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to be able to do.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the politicians were eradicated and eliminated smallpox.
Technology seemed to be able to put what Alvin Turkey in 1970 called accelerating force.
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candles, but in 1969, the crew of the Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than the Apollo of Apollo 10, and the optimism joy about the power of technology has evaporated to see that the technology that we imagine is that the technology would solve as going to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feeding the world's population, seem to be intractable.
I remember looking at Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he doesn't look at the escape tube called Saturn V rocket.
I knew that this would be the last mission mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from``Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology"has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We heard it over the last two days here at TED.
It looks like the technologists had been distracted and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated selling.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a partial explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that you've created less ambitious companies than the ones that were funded in Intel, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says markets are the culprit, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused that the creation of transformative ideas are changed by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It's mostly what's going wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their wild point without worrying about the risk, they preferred small investments, tiny investment, the ones that could go out 10 years.
The CMUs . They've always had trouble investing in technologies as a energy, which need a huge capital, and whose development is in the long term . They haven't invested in developing technologies, because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and more profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the world's energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biofuels . Less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than the bombing.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties would incentivize the development of alternative energy: mostly, a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of coal prices.
But there is no hope in the political climate of today that we'll see an energy policy in the U.S. or treated international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem technological, it turns out not to be.
We know for the time that famine is result of failure in food repair.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famine are political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for food and food repair, but there will be famine, while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes raise a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon will declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many types of cancer, some terribly resistant types of cancer, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are difficult.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can, and we should, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem; institutions must support the solution; it must be really a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something as well as a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, is fulfilling with those criteria.
But it's a reporter model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's not a gay competition like the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy who has the hard and dangerous, , and there's no a popular science of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't miss the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become clicks of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a recycling: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the recycling, the goal, and the task have gone wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recycling, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First, the recycling: why people think that trust has declined?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I'm inclined to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions, and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can resort to opinion surveys, and opinion surveys are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has declined.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are not many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still pretty reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average city in the street is almost exactly halfway halfway.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion survey polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you register?
What you see are generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Does it trust the politicians? Trust me?
Now, if someone would ask you,``Do you trust the vegetables? ''
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the teacher teachers? ''
You would probably start to ask,``To do what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, ,``Well, trust me, but in others not . ''
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain kind of official, or functional or kind of a person, is going to be uniform in every case.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary teacher I know to give the reading class, but in no way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is differentiated, why we stop all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real confidence, because they try to operate the good inherent judgment in fact or someone else.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more confidence.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal I would chase.
I would aim to have more confidence in what is deserve to trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a part of not trust what is not reliable.
And I think those people who put their savings out of the very openly named Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Trust or denied confidence, that's the right goal.
Once you say that, that says, yes, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What this is about doing a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitors? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competent in the permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a confidence.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have many friends who are competent and responsible but extremely dishonest.
If it's, , I don't have a pilgrimage.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before trust.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we have to judge.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party, and he said,``Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than to go in . ''
And we found the same problem in all our public life, and institutional, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and evidence evidence, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is they make the work out of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the midwives, demanded them that``mark the box ,"as we say.
I'm sure you all know similar examples.
Everything, all of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more reliability, and that things would be different if we try to be trusted, and we will convey to people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are trust worthy.
It's not easy . It's the judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, which is not done properly.
Third, the task.
calling the task to rebuild trust, put things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive, because they give us other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough base for you to trust you.
You have to be confident.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive, usually, all the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to bring a little bit of a scientific evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That's done every day, everywhere, the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give you back without giving explanations.
I take you and give me the money, or you change them by the color I want.
That's great . I trust them because themselves became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're aiming is not a very difficult thing to argue.
In what people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we've been striving to reduce the separation between us and the digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of screen where imagination can be unleashed.
This separation has been reducing, increasingly and more, to such a day that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, what if there was no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be like.
First of all, I created this tool that goes inside the digital space, so that when the strong opposite against the screen turns its physical body to pixels.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool, the barriers are broken.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the Apple Science division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Catholic Bollywood, redesigning the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent visit with cameras of depth to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside the 3D space, and grab pieces directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, select them as easy as grab a book of a shelf.
You can stick the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that's below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and drop things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is an online test.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or translucent when the system understands your body's geometry.
If we take this idea further, , I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them?
What would a future look like?
At the MIT Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Kernet Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet behaves as a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as the users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
So simplify, what we did was we've got gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical action and detectors.
And by programming the object digitally, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach characters physically and distance, and the famous name of Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality, the times we wanted.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the planet's movement, the physics, and unlike monitor or text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show you something but that will start to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to connect ourselves from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become kindness for two years in Hungary, China, in the '70s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all the paid expenses.
But my tiger mother said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a brain path towards happiness: a safe and good work.
No matter whether the job would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese singer singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must begin to train from very young to learn the scars, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I even wrote to the director of school and a radio program.
But no adult was grateful.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were children, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was too much higher to train.
My dream would never be done.
It feared, for the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved to look for another vocation.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I remember books.
[" Completely Obadar"of Saint [`` Complete Laws Change) ] Nano Haiti's``Lessons ,"I got to America in 1995, and what were the first books here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Good Earth"is about Chinese Chinese life.
And it's not convenient . It's understood.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``honor your father and your mother . ''
\" honor ,"I said .``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this confused guilt trap and to reset the relationship with my parents.
And I encounter a new culture also gave my comparative reading habit.
It's a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning this map seemed to me, because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassion reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields like compassion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to investigate, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat people [`` Benjamin Franklin"by Walter Mcotheric ]
For the Christ, temptation is economic, political and spiritual . .
For the Buddha, they're all psychologists: lung, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" The Cheet Tuck Path"] Thomas Merman] Altro Watch Waters instead of losing me in translation, found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized``happiness"in Chinese literally means``fast joy . ''
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened me up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know that I will not feel alone or powerless.
Having a broken sleep really isn't anything compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams come from, where passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
You can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So the books always show them.
Thank you.
Thank you . Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first client of psychotherapy.
I was a medical student in clinical psychology in Berkeley . .
She was a 26-year-old woman called Alex . .
Alex came into the first session using jeans and a buster cap, and he stood on the couch of my office took the shoes and told me I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My class company had a little bit like first customer.
And I got a fan that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the Chinese stories that Alex brought the sessions, it became easy to move the head while we would break the solution.
\" The train is the new 20s ,"he said Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you're home later, you have children later, until death happens later.
For veterans like Alex, and I had time.
But soon after, , my supervisor prepared me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said,``Oh, of course, it's coming out with guys under your category, you have a hollow head, but it's not like I'm going to marry it . ''
And then my supervisor said,``Not yet, but maybe it's married with the next one.
Also, the best time to work on Alex's marriage is before it gets married . ''
This is what psychologists call a``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what was used, , but this didn't make the 20th of Alex a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not just for Alex and his loving life but for the careers, the families and the future of veterans everywhere.
There are 50 million veterinarians in America today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider anyone to get to adulthood without going through the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the vets here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you're working with veterans, you love a neighbor, you take your sleep out, I want to see . It's okay . Incredible, the comments really matter.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35.
This means that eight out of 10 decisions and experiences, and``Aha!"that shape their life will have happened for when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be fine, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that over half Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in its 20s, and it's broken for adulthood, which means that if there's something you want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their top at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 is the moment to educate on their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily and common life has a democratic impact on the person that will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what veterinarians are listening to.
newspapers talk about changes on the timeline of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20th an extended adolescence.
journalists give them ridiculous names to the 20s as``the telephones ,"and``mistress . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial, which is actually the decade which defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernstein said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give a fan in your head and say,``You have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition, and not absolutely anything.
And then every day, you're smart, interesting, like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this, ,``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that as you start a career before the 30, everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this:``My 20s are for finishing and I still have nothing to show.
I had better rsum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then he starts to sound like this:``My quotes during the 20s were like the chair of the chairs.
They all run and they're fun, but then at some point around 30, the music was turned off, and they all started sitting.
I didn't want to be the only one that would be standing, , so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the vets here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things by the age of 30, there's a huge pressure to the train and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much shorter time period.
A lot of these things are not compatible, and there are research that start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything once at 30.
Potential age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give your child a brother.
Lots of train and corridors look at themselves, and I was sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what people are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emma . .
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he'd like to work in art or entertainment, but he could still not decide, so he spent the last few years working as a waiter.
As I was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And even though we live about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even harder.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she was lifted herself by saying,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma came up with his head on his legs and cried for almost all hour.
I just bought a new book for the conductor, and I'd spent all the morning filling it with his many contacts, but then he looked at the empty space that follows after the words,``In case of emergency, please call...''
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said,``Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who's going to take care of me if I get cancer? ''
At that point, I took a lot of work to resist and not say,``Aye . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapy that would actually be worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit in while sitting at Emma's decisive decade.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all veterans, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma that he would forget about that identity crisis and he got identity capital.
By identity capital, I mean doing something that makes value to your person.
I'll do something that's an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that international, from that company that they want to test.
I'm not cutting out the secret exploration, I'm cutting the exploration that I shouldn't tell, that, by the way, it's not exploration.
It's processing.
I told Emma to explore jobs and made them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are supported.
The best friends are great to get to the airport, but the veterinarians that come together with similar minds are limited in terms of who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes from out of their nearest circle.
New things come from what they call weak friends of friends from their friends.
Yes, half of the veterans have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the form of color to this group.
Half of the working jobs never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is a way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information is happening.
Finally, not least, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a veteran, Emma soon will choose his family, when he has a partner and form his own family . .
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think 30 is better age to feel head than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live now or you're going to take you now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards high is not progress.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being so intentional in love as you are at work.
You choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever I choose to you.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the fourth of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work offer gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organization of events in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously.
He loves his new career, he loves his new family, and I sent a letter that said,``Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma's story can sound easy, but that's what I love to do with veterans.
It's very easy to help them.
Vendors are like planes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, which comes somewhere in the west.
Just before the takeoff, a slight fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or Fiji.
In the same way, at 21 or 25, and even in the 29, a good conversation, a good conversation, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the following years or even the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the veterans you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
That's what I now have the privilege of telling you as Emma every day: The sledges are not the new 20, take your adult, you get identity capital, you use your weak links, choose your family.
They don't let it define for what they didn't know or what they did.
They're deciding their life today . .
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very picky job in management consulting for a work that was even more demanding: the dozen.
I went to teach mathematics to seventh grade students in New York public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the work comes back, , they calculated the grades.
What I called the attention was that the C. wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have any CD scores.
Some of my smartest kids weren't going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of things that need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, safe, are difficult: proportions, decisions, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible, and it was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during time enough.
After several years more of a dozen years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
It's the C, but what if I succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn as fast and easy?
So I left the classroom and I went to college to become psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who's successful here and why?
My research team, and I went to the military Academy West Point.
We tried to predict what causes they would stay in military training and who would retire.
We went to the Nature National Council, and we tried to predict what kids would move on the top possible in competition.
We studied novel teachers working on really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those, who will be the most effective to improve the results of learning of their students?
We partnered with private companies, asking, which of these marketers are going to maintain their jobs?
And who's going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature arose as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the I.Q . .
It was the determination.
determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
determination is to cling into their future, day after day, not just the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to make my determination questionnaires and then wait about more than a year to see who graduate.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly more likely to graduate, even when I showed them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized evidence, even the safety that children were when they were in school.
So it's not just in West Point or the National College of Del where determination matters . It's also in school, especially for children in risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do I develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid work ethic?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is, I don't know . What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't go ahead with their commitments.
In fact, in our data, it's commonly not related or it's even related to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called``growth mindset . ''
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Disk, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change the effort.
Dr. Disk has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to chase when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where to finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful and we have to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as a child's daughter, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing the beauty, the form and the shape of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an foreigners, it seems to be as unpredictable as the Great Wall Christmas.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language, I can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, menus of restaurants, understanding the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was shouting in a French way,``Augustine! I'm burning me!"This symbol is actually original in the form of the call, but I like to believe it's in the other way.
This is a tree.
I tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of door doors in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They are building blocks to believe many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's``follow . ''
As the ancient said, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying,``It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is trapped.
It's a prisoner, like Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an``idiot ."Easy to remember, a particular tree is quite idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it gets very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of calls.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burn . .
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the shine.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . sunrise.
A door . Put a table inside the door, it's the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did you have somebody at home?
This person is getting hidden from a door, escape, spreading.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, take care of it.
So we've already gone through 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical eight will allow them to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every small effort, they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing as a eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire . It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the nation.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan . .
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains stacked one on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese emperor disappeared their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you to go out is a exit.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I come to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my children -- when my daughter was four, we saw the Wizard magician together.
The film dominated its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Galileo, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we create our children in a kind of industrial fantasy show of child fantasy shows.
However, Oz magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a quarter years later with, interestingly, another film whose protagonist, a metal boy, and a hairy boy rescued a young girl as an enemy guard.
You know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there's a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the magician of Oz.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think that if the magician of Oz was done today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the Oz salvation as the prophecy predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the military evil computers.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing in Oz magician is that the most heroic, wise characters and even villain are women.
I started noticing this when I did see Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
And at that point, I also had a son.

It wasn't invited to projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had gone down . So, he stood up in the room and he was impressed as a leg mom with his backyard behind, and I don't think he understood what happened, but unfortunately, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what it was.
Would they be value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would the sense that Luke joined an army to defeat government?
Let's compare this with the 1980s.
How does Dorothy win his movie?
By making good friends with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow Oz, OK, and not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much, Fatelic force, force in the movies for our children, and so little from the yellow brick path?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that the Lew princess doesn't provide the right frame that I had served to navigate for the world of adults that is blended . I think at the moment of the first kiss, I really hoped that credit would start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have a girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
movies are focused on defeat the villain and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and defending Disney's princess to any of you.
But send a message to children, even though they, kids, are not really their goal.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real as Herishman and Kats, but they don't stop being a war movie.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classical, each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who raised a girl . .
Until, like many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out.
I recommend all of you . It's already available in stores.
Do you remember what the criticism was when it came out brave?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film of a princess.
It's very good . Don't let that stop them!
Well, almost none of these films happens the Beijing test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet taken roots and already spread, but maybe we'll start a movement.
Alan Beck is a comic book, and in the mid-'80s, I recorded a conversation I had with a friend on the assessment of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that have to be done: in the movie, there's more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more besides the kid that they like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the film we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, art.
Right? Rustanism of Oscar, tank success, a consensus idea of what a Hollywood film film is.
Virtually, it doesn't happen in Beijing.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the hostage crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hiding, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say,``comes to bed, honey?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at numbers.
In 2011, the 100 most popular films, how many of them think they have female protagonists?
One . It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we've recently chosen for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a larger number that's going to disappoint this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that the videos of music or pornography are closely linked, but something wrong, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual assaults.
Who are those guys? What are they learning?
What do you don't learn?
Are you assignating the story that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and not speak?
Are we assuming that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this very alarming statistic, and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as being empowered, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, is it going to be able to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to maintain their male power?
I mean, I think Netflix's list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily the parents.
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the advantage.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character from Star Wars, know what he responded?
Occae.
Oxford Kenya and Glenn.
What do these two have in common?
Maybe it's not just the brilliant dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than nobody, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories that I tell my son: See and struggle just and more stories, where you see that your work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people improve and better people, like the magician of Oz.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the archaeology.
And finally when I started studying Egyptian, I realized that I was seeing my own eyes was not enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length alongside the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to do differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared.
This is a place that's located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called Benjamin . .
And the place, to the naked view, seems to be brown, , but when we use the infrared and process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of landscape caused by the building materials and activities of ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city called Ethiopia, lost for thousands of years.
This was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in Cairo, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Ethiopia was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that build them, indicated within the red circles here, , but somewhere inside this enormous aluminum planning.
This area is enormous, it's about six for four miles.
Before, the Nile flow right next to Evil, and as it changed over time, they moved into this and cover the whole city.
So how do you find a single city in an extension landscape?
Trying to find it random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more detail, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, which we think might be the Egyptian location.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing show work; you can see it here.
When I say a show, it's like the shot shots in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for layers of human occupation.
Five feet below a thick layer of slime, we found a dense layer of pottery objects.
This means that in this possible planet's location, five meters below, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred hundred years, which is exactly the same period as we think is Titan.
We also found piece of paper, conference, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common rocks used on the Middle Empire jewelry, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that's from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We don't find E.T . here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in satellite technology so that they can also perform great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written at Eneire 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all travel.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So, according to, TED was not founded in 1984.
They make ideas happen actually in 1984 to C. in a lost city, not for a long time and found from the high.
He certainly puts marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's made.
Now you can visualize a group of obese nodes in bicycles.
They're competing in a burning bike race and they're going into their entry door.
I need you to see this really.
They're sleeping, they're sweating, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying around all over the place, wheels that pass on top of the wheels that end up in absurd places . They pass the door threshold.
The lobby, the hallway, or what's on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light . The light shining about the Golden Museum.
It's waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse talking.
You can feel your blue hair making them tickle in your nose.
You can smell the sheet cookie and the steps that's about to get in the mouth.
They go on one side and train their living room.
Now, in the room, and making a maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
It's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing``High Man Boy . .
Now let's take the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a yellow brick path, and from the oven, they come to you Dorothy, the Homo of Hawaii, the Spanish and the Len of``The Wizard of Oz ,"grab out of hands, jumping into you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Campaign.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I guess this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them once.
They memorized the names of tens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
And they compete to see who could memorize the order of the order of a knife deck.
And I thought,``This is amazing . ''
These people have to be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I asked him,``Ed, when do you realize you were a wise? ''
Ed said,``I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who participated with this competition say they have normal memory.
\" We have trained us to perform these miraculous memory acts using ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that would use Cicero to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I not hear this before? ''
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit excited, he said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to show you Britney Sadans how to memorize the order in a live glass deck, in national TV . .
That would prove to the world that anyone can do . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not British Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start with something right? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why it doesn't sometimes work and what your potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named E8.
He's an initial, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allows our memory to do who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Perulda . He was based on the paper of Dutan Hoffman in the movie``Rain Man . ''
We spent one afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorized telephone guides; . .
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties about the written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and growing was not such a rare thing as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they've also changed us.
We have culturally changed, and I would say that they have changed us also cognitively.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where they still find people who are passionate about this idea of a trained, disciplined memory, is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not so unique; ; there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University College of London invited a group of memory champions, the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it that they have brains in some way, structural or historically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There were actually a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control of control that compared them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains while they memorized numbers and faces and forms of snow covers . They found that in memory champions, they were lighting parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we could learn from this?
The competition of competitive memory is driven as a race race where every year is coming up with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors must put a day.
This is my friend Ben Primitive, three times champion.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 shuffle bars that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and he just mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 410 random binary digits.
In half hour . Yes.
And as there's a great amount of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end, they reduce a single concept that psychologists call``creative coding . ''
It illustrates with a famous paradox, known as the``Barack"paradox . [Barbie] says the following: : I tell two people who remember the same word . I say to you,``Remember there's a man named Baker . ''
That's his apartment.
And then I ask them,``You remember there's a bank . ''
And when I go back later, and I ask you,``remember that word I told you a while? ''
\" Do you remember what it was? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely, he remembers the same word that the person who was told that his job is``dance . ''
Same word, different memory capacity -- that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word,``Baker"-- we know baker.
They use white hats.
They have flour in their hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we've heard that word for the first time, we started putting astronomical hooks to be easily fishing at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data from 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the``market of memory . ''
The story says that: there was a poet called Symbols that went to a banker.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, ,, , if you wanted to give a very good party, it doesn't bring to a DJ, it was hired to a poet.
He stood up, he received his memory poem, and he marched, and so soon he went, the bank room collapsed.
killing them all.
But not just killed everyone, but it destroys the bodies by letting them wrong.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So you couldn't be able to understand bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Sympathetics, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed your eyes and realized that with the eyes of your mind, I could see where I had been sitting every invited.
I took the family family by taking them back to where their loved ones were in between the rubble.
What you're experiencing at that moment is something that we all know about or less intuitively, and it's no matter whether we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or word instructions of our colleagues, we have visual memory and remarkable space . .
If you ask me to take the first 10 words of the story that I've just told you about Systems, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting about the brown horse in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory's palazzo is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and populate it with images with the things that you want to remember . The more crazy, the far, funny, scanner, and anger is the image, more inexplicable to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treated, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk, and you want to make it memory, the same way that you would have done it if you'd invited it to TEDGlobal 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that you're on your doorstep.
And to create some kind of, absolutely ridiculous, crazy image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely intractable competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and see the monster of the Galapagos mounted on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind them that funny anecdote that they want to tell.
And then you go into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that you would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not word for word, that will confuse them, but, typical by typical.
In fact the term``typical ,"comes from the Greek``Toys ,"which means``place . ''
It's a dress of when people thought about the drama and the rhetoric with this kind of spatial terms.
The phrase``first ,"it would be like the first place in its memory palace.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something extreme about this sub-Saharan Memory subculture.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a politically boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting now taking tests . I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when somebody massage the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in these people's minds, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem . Or the names of a former school announcement bought in a thumbs market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I'd never hoped it was.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's really about doing is to improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, local, processed, insulation, insulation, insulation and income, in the eye of mind.
I was quite hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of holes and some security goggles covered with tape leaving only two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter, in a kind of participatory experiment experiment.
I thought this could serve for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's cute to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on quite basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need you to build your memory's sticks or memorize your cards, and to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it would be an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we're deeply focused on.
The memory of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even really shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a kind of complete attention that most people don't walk around.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things do memorable.
And if there's something that I want to leave you with today, it's what E.O, that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left myself, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what our short existence is already missing us in the Blackberries or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side . We're not even bothered in processing deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible capacity capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'll talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll just take a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from N Jersey, I was six years old and lived there at my parents' house in a village called Library, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And, between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And there all happened the time watching the cloth, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody looked at me, and every time I shower me and I wrapped up on a towel, all of me see me.
And I was like this.
It was awkward, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, or division of areas, but of those visceral, emotional connections that we feel in the places that we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling.
So 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what excites you, you think about power, stability and democracy.
And I know you think about it as well as based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's an unfortunate that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; ; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time, and it's very complicated.
People who build . planners and governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we met buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Public Library that was finished in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round thing, columns, red bricks, which let Library tries to communicate with this building: children, property values, history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library of today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, it ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle . .
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side there is innovation; architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for today's life forms.
We drive, we drive and push so much, that we get completely away from people.
All of the black, this depressed us . You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go to the other side and go back to connect with these representative symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like training, so we start to experience again; we make the pendulum out of the back, over and over again . So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago we went out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called``burning . ''
It's about the ant.
You can guess.
Small windows, slightly.
Something really hard.
So we came up at 80, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pendulum back into the other direction.
We take those forms that we know that they like and we update them.
We added up and add cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give up.
We took Chinese closet and turn them into skyscrapers, which can be medieval castle made of glass.
The shapes were added, they won in audacity and colorful.
The windows became columns.
The skills grew up to the size of the buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spent the while in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be to medicine, the French, or the Italian.
Probably with a loaf of bread sticks.
This is what happens with posture.
This is what happens to the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we recreated memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated, and we started making the pendulum open back in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called decomposition.
We dismiss the historical symbols;, we now count with new design techniques that are made by computer, and we meet new composition, a few ways that are crashing against other forms.
This is academic and ambassador, and it's super unpopular; you're totally excluded.
Normally, the spinal pendulum again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building is opened.
It's the Guanam of Bilbao, from Frank Gehry.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golden said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academic and public in general, they were completely agreement about a building.
The New York Times took this miracle building.
tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spiritan.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes, wild and radical, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was spreading around them and quickly learned that those shapes mean culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism . .
This phenomenon of beginnings of the new millennium happened with other stars.
It happened to Zama and Liberian, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of new millennium, actually began to go through all the architecture . digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how architecture builds.
A thousand years ago, you'd have to have walked to the next town to see a building.
The transportation accelerated: you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
The technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers, on the TV, and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not very much time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before you know whether the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
Butterfall was not a two-year movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped them.
That's never going to happen to happen . I think, because we're in the biggest revolution of architecture, from steel or elevator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when the media is applied to the media, it starts to grow faster and faster, and it's going to be in both extremes, almost simultaneously, and it actually describes the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects, and you, the audience.
Now we can do almost instant symbols, with emotional load, something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company was recently finished.
We were hired to replace this building that was caught.
This is the center of a village called Pines in Fire Island in New York City.
It's a vacation community.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly on the finished product, there were no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people started coming and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes corruption with the collective memory, and in charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need Greeks to tell us how to think architecture.
We can just tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those libraries in Library.
If that building was built today, we would first go to the Internet looking for``new libraries . ''
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, innovation, about what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
Musicians that can lead to the mayor of Library, people in Library, and tell you that there is no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer these mysterious creatures that use grander words and complicated drawings, and you're no longer a degrading audience that doesn't accept something I haven't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you don't let it hurt for architecture.
That means that the dark pendulum from one style to another, one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different from today's buildings.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seva can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn may be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical immense of red brick, based on ideas of what should be a stadium.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are used to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga, or even one can be married in the night.
This means that three architects can dream of the Rail East in New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, it's no longer a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pink pavilion, as muscle and fibrous as the animals you're going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make buildings more ecological, smarter and more friendly.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides.
They find an architect, to hire it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings don't just reflect our society, but they give it shape to the smallest spaces: the local libraries, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Stacey.
I just turned a year and it already started walking.
And he does it in that great way, typical of the children of a year, to be married, as if his body was moving too fast for his legs.
It's totally precious.
And one of the things I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and squeaks, and it goes to itself those big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think,``When do you stop doing this? ''
How do we suddenly not be comfortable with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people Google: Am I ugly?
This is Father, it's 13 years old and lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, just want to be dear and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's a little bit scary, it's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him all the time it's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him, and what her friends, or classmates of the school said, don't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of herself, put it on YouTube, and ask others who please leave a comment: ,``Am I nice or am I ugly? ''
Well, so far, Fayza has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disgusting, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal and current teenager, who gets these answers in one of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it going to do this?
Well, teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking, chatting, giving me,``I like ,"by eating, sharing, advertising, that's never finished.
We've never been so connected to it, in a continuous way, so young people.
As a mother said to me,``It's like there's a party in your room every night . ''
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are implantic.
This environment, to be always connected, is adapting our children to self-design based on the number of``like ,"that they have and the kinds of comments that they receive.
There is no division between a life online and the real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it is real or what is not.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what is digitally manipulated.
What is the most detailed thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are owned from the news of girls now.
zero-sum models still dominate our steps.
The terrorism's technique is now a routine.
And trends like,``The triangle ,"it's the biodiversity, the biodiversity, and it's done.
For those who know it, it means pharmaceutical means.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what the young people will compare.
But kids aren't immune to this.
It's like the Supreme stars of sports, and the reporter singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and are good individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend longer and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look nice enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as a contribution to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspects.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the exam season, if you don't think you see you good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a lower note to the average of your peers who don't worry about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it's regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you're really.
The low self-esteem on your body is density the academic performance.
And it's also delivering health.
Teenagers with the self-esteem do less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more not healthy diet than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They are more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all about what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early age and without protection and self-destructive damage.
The search of the perfect body is preparing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have overweight, regardless of whether or not they have higher learning rates.
17 percent of women don't present to an interview interview in a day that they don't feel safe with the way they look.
Think about what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
liberating this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, alone, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key ways . The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing, worse the situation.
So we have to make sure that the program that our children follow not only will have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical parties for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires each of us that we take the risks in the issue, and we're a better role model for women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell you with the approval of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their breasts, or to urge that determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start to judge people from what they are, not as they look.
We can all begin to do it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you'd got a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, truly change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing their whole person, value individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference on a pedestal.
By making a difference in the real world, let's make them the ones that go out on the big screen, because we'll just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe they're never being seen of being who they are, or reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who has in mind?
How on your wife?
How on your sister?
So?
Is it niece?
It could just be the woman who is two different seats . What would it mean for her if it was released from that autonomous voice inside, that he's encouraged him to have long legs, the more thin, a more flat belly, the smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we were going to wait for this, and would we say,``Are we going to come back to its potential that way? ''
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's show that the way you see it is just one part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and why they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools' curriculum.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and we compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that small suits of a year of age today, they become agents of safe change for themselves.
Let's do it.
On November five , 1990, a gentleman named Elizabeth North at a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Merine Kahn, the leader of the Lebane of Defense Leaf.
Now, we initially declared it, but being a prisoner for other charges, in others, started planning attacks at about 12 New York City icons, including tunnels, synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Luckily those plans were frustrated by a FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb at the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided.
And later it would be convicted of his participation in that attack.
Elizabeth Nobel is my father . .
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, he was an Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, primary school teacher, between two did all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven, our family started changing.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few, even most Muslims, come to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, they don't need a lot to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are so comfortable to their convictions that think you have to use all the possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained that in the last weekend, he and some friends had been going to shark training in Long Island to practice.
He told me I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Poland Tiger pole that, without knowing our group, was surveillance by the FBI.
When I was playing, my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder, and explained to me how to aim the target to about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet, I gave the little orange light on the target, and for all of all, especially my entire goal in the flames.
My uncle came back to each other, and in Arabic, he said```` Inno . ''
In such a parent, such a son.
All of the, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted of putting a carrier with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground park of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them``love ,"which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to somebody, it was time to start and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class, it was often material victim.
I was trying to secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, quiet and regulatory, it was enough.
So most of the time I was at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it softly . For growing under fantasy, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that put my thinking about, was during the presidential election of 2000.
In a business program I participated in the juvenile National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been material victim most of my life, it was something that felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, to the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who had made friendship, was Jewish.
I took several days to go out to light this detail, and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend, and frankly I felt very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe that was infrared.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I met with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, and that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and for extension, all of the homosexuality were bad influences.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most friendly and less critical ones I had ever seen in life.
By having a child, I developed a sense of empathy towards others suffering, but it wasn't easy for me to treat friendly people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me about a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that's like to be homosexual, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control . .
Then came the Daily Show.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my intolerance, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with the character.
In many ways, he became my patent figure at a moment when I was desperately needed.
Occasionally, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that was going to conserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of somebody who has suffered enough with endless dogmas and said,``I'm tired of hate . .
At that point, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred in your inner.
My real name is not Mark Ebulo.
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope anybody, someday, who you're trying to bring the violence, you can hear my story and understand that there's a better way, that even though I was convicted to this violent and intractable ideology, I didn't get to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, and the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the terrorism victims, I'm going to talk about those meaningless acts, as rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple, I expose here as evidence that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father . .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you really . Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that's projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multi-to-thing film.
It's in 3D, and it has surreal sound of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has scent, taste and texture . .
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It's got memories, as a moment of your childhood that you project in front of your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking stream.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct.
This film is your awareness stream, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human . .
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you . .
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know that I have a conscience.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why aren't we just robots that processing what we get to produce results without experience the internal movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I predict that vision.
psychology studied behavior objectively, neuroscience studied the brain objectively, but never nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After , 20 years ago, everything began to change.
Neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Peril said,``now is the moment for science to tackle consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flourishing of scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of science science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work, Nancy Kansas a few minutes ago.
Now we understand a lot better, for example, brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or to feel pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness . questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I didn't tackle the real central mystery of this matter: :: :: Why do all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like embarrassing, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical developments are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the embarrassing is operating, how hurricanes work, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolizing living organisms . They're all questions about the objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, doesn't really have a lot to say.
I'm a scientific heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of self-assembly that works . For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in physical terms that would work.
But eventually I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're stuck at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful, cool explanations . We used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On one side, it's a fact that we're conscious.
On the other hand, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific worldview in the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly, something we need to integrate our worldview, but we don't know yet how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such a difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything you need to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a purely reductionist theory of consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that awareness of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They protect fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
Instead, they're considered fundamental, and the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is laughing.
In the 19th century Maxwell discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts, space, space, mass, Newton laws, so I put the basic laws of the electromagnetism, and I put electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we meet with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, space, mass, charge, so for a matter of logic, you have to hold the list.
The most natural thing would be to protect consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not an object of science.
It opens the way to scientifically handle it.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we could show them in a remedy.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could show them in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Each system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called passion:``bread ,"for all,``psyche"by all, , every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even microbes by Rob Knight, elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of anguish when you think,``Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the rose . ''
No, it's not.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some raw feeling element, subjective, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do someone think so crazy?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to the physical process, is linked awareness with information.
Whenever there's a process of information, there's consciousness.
complex information processing, as a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, Guity Tong, took this kind of theory and development it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical integration of information, which is called Ph.D., which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I suppose he's got to do with consciousness . .
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of gossip, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a middle degree of information integration, equally significant, degree of pretty important consciousness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the dog's degree.
The level of information integration is lower, but it's not zero.
In the Tona theory, there will be still a level of a different awareness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of consciousness, high degrees of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that penalic can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies.
As Stephen Hawking explains,``Where does the fire come from? ''
From leverage the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness doesn't find out of the physical world as a kind of additive.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the panic vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social and ethical consequences quite serious.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be vegetarian.
If you're a panic and accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think that I think that it tends to transform your visions, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Stagent artificial intelligence system in the movie``Herren? ''
Is it conscious?
According to the passionate information, she has a complicated information processing, integrated, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, it's very serious ethical problems about the ethic of the development of intelligent computer systems and ethics to turn them off.
Finally, you can ask for the full collective awareness, the planet.
Does it have its own consciousness?
Or a more local level, an integrated group, as the audience at a TED Talk . Right now, we have a TED collective awareness, an internal movie for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies of each parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that must be serious.
So this passionate view, it's a radical view, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that it's universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally will discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria . .
It had a very normal profile, low education.
I went to school, I went to my friends, I was fought with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to talk to a community prize.
And my parents said,``OK, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually has nothing ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good notes . After school, I had a low profile on my mother's lap, and I spent a lot of time looking at the Services``The Valley Slid"and``Dawage's Creek . ''
Yes, I know that.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
And years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes at the class of 11 legal studies, a guy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when will you give your speech? ''
And I said,``What speech? ''
Well, I had been talking to you about the law of diagnostic for good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the acts of action . ''
And that was when I realized: this kid had had experiences with people with disability as an inspiration objects.
And we're not, . And it's not the fault of the boy, which is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our protesters.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And, in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you are waiting for them to inspire them . Right? Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to be disappointed to you.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that we have lied to disability.
Yes, , you've sold us the lie that disability is Bad, A massive, M mass.
It's something wrong and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lies through social media.
You may have seen images like this: :``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is invented ."In effect.
Or this one:``Before you leave, I go . ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the homeless girl drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with a carbon fiber prosthetic legs.
And there are a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term deliberately, because it's a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we get to the benefit of the benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can see them and think,``Well, for very bad, it's my life, I could be worse.
I could be that person . . ''
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the story of the number of times that have been approached me, wanting to express that you believe I'm brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was like I'm going to be happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is to succeed.
These images, those images, they get people with disabilities in benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
Let's take a few things.
But the things that we assume are not the things that you can think of.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of society that we live in our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited about it.
It makes things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your capacity as well as you do it, and that's what happens to the children of those photos as well . .
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their capacity.
So, is it really fair to challenge them in the way we do that, by sharing those images?
When people tell us,``You're an inspiration source ,"it says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we've sold this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what they're thinking.
I'm here bought the inspiration, and you think,``God, Stewart, aren't you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I'm.
Learning from other people with disability at all moments.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learn that it's a great idea to use a little bit of barbaria to collect the things that are falling to me . I learn the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the strength and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that will be excited and challenging us.
I really believe that that lie that we've sold about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us difficult.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that is lies is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a stairs of stairs has never made it a ramp.
Never . It's going to smile on a television screen won't make the subtitles to the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and eradicating a positive attitude to turn all those books into the braille.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm . .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom, watching``Buffalo The Valley Slid"is not considered nothing to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we're happy to get out of the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11-year-old boy in a high school in Melbourne is not a little surprise that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
disability doesn't make us exceptional, but questioning what you think about to know about it.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at augmented reality and professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a wild glucose?
Unfortunately, today just answer one of those questions, so please don't mess.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about``Minority Report ,"and in Tom Cruise by giving hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happens because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how did we get to augmented reality?
The first step, that's what I'm wearing: Google Glass goggles.
I'm sure many people are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and knowing what's running by the game field at 100 miles, blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110 pounds man, we're going to pay us, trying to engage with everything.
I've been there, and I assure you that it's nothing pleasant.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass is to use under the helmet, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NFL practices, because the idea of the NFL of emerging technology is a submarine up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Kelly: Come on.
It's horrible to be taken.
Time . Let's zoom up a little bit.
Ready?
Go!
Chris Kepler: : as you can see, it's a test of what is being taken in the football field, from the perspective of the keyboard.
You'll have realized that people are missing people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington.
field Marinasa: Ratios 54! Rats 54!!
Blue 8, Blue 8! Come on!!
Chris Kepler: : This is a little bit more about feeling being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and Twitter:``You can see from the angle of a field butterfly.
Or a corridor?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with God and Google Glass, how do we get full of it, how do we take it to the next level?
We take it to that level using something called``Occupy Oklaho, which surely many of you know.
The West West has been described as the most realistic reality device ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh!!
No, no, no! I don't want to play! No!
Oh, my God! Oh!!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain taking for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, getting out of a talent with the arm before running and making an notation? What will be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Moseta running through the song, launching the ball at the bottom of the network, or Federal, making a stick in Windows?
What will be your experience when it descended from a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic skier?
Maybe they increase the sales of diapers for adults.
But this is not really augmented.
It's just virtual reality, Rio.
How do we get the augmented reality, U.K.?
We're going to reach the augmented reality when coaches, magnetis and owners see the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to gain parties? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . Give them money.
So, here's a brief report on the NFL technology.
In 1965, the Baltimore's doors put a measurement to their field marijuana to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radios on the hull of the fields, and then in the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2030, imagine that you are a player coming back to your group and you see his next player in front of you, in a plastic visit that they're wearing . You know, you're not going to have to worry about to forget a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose parties you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the hull sensors and the accelerometer, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know.
The bad ones will have information overload.
This would differentiate the good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
Who would have imagined it?
So what would be in the field?
Imagine it's the field of field.
You get the ball and you go back.
You're looking for an open receptor . Suddenly, a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight, you tell you that a defense behind you is going to attack . Usually, you wouldn't see it, but the system of the R.A.
Address to the protection area.
And another flashlight gives you there's an open receptor.
You're launching the ball.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land . However, the receptor sees the area of grass that lights up and can modify the race.
It goes up, catch the ball, run and ring.
The audience goes down and fans have followed it from every angle.
This is something that creates massive emotion in the game.
I'll get lots of people to see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally, to be in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports leaders.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much this technology is worth for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much this technology is worth for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives in?
How much is it worth for a Hallow commander or a Neil Delegon Texas, trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of three-dimensional and Kardashian notes?
Ladies and gentlemen, augmented reality goes on.
The questions we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend, as usual, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retire me after 23 years of service in California Portland in California.
Most of those 23 years, I had been able to patrol the South Side of Marine County, including the Golden Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known for its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and his inspirational style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Street, head engineer commissioned to build the bridge, said,``The bridge is practically suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, so that the fall from it releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go underneath your soul . .
But let me tell you that when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a free four to five seconds, the body collide against water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which they prefer vital organs.
Most of them die in the impact.
Those of you who don't, normally, stick into the helpless water and then drowned.
I don't think those who are talking about this suicide method realize the death of death that they will face.
This is the wire.
Except around the two towers, there's 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge.
This is where most people are in front of their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very hard to bring it back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to a officer his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had that day to bring it back on the railing.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the road through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but the officials too.
We've traveled a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officers.
This is Jason Garbert.
I met it on July 22 last year to get a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the row near the center.
I answered, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gate Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here twice before New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, he asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora box.
Remember the Greek mythology, Zeahon created Pandora, and I sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
From it, they came out, paintings, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and there's no hope? ''
It stopped a few minutes, leaned on the right, and it went.
This nice and smart girl in New Jersey had just removed life.
I talked to Jason's parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, I didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family of the family called me to see how it was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
The collateral damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out suicide?
What would you say?
Would you know what to say?
In my experience, not only have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, blame, or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the inflection point they need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid of dealing with them and ask the question.
One way to ask them is,``others in similar circumstances have thought about ending their life, have you had these thoughts? ''
Congratulating the person in front of it can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look: : despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve; it prevents, to believe that there's nothing you can do about it; the recent social isolation -- and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her card.
She lost his son on January 19th of January this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and he's with his permission and blessing that I read them.
\" Hi, Kevin . I imagine you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite numb, but noticing more moments to realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the part of the 49 with his father on January 19th.
He never got there.
I called the Philip police, and I repeated it as a disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported that Mike's car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge at 85 o'clock in the afternoon the day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a real mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with you.
The GDP, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Viking . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go through the way his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value . .
On March 11 , 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Berming, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, crossed the railing, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the next and half hour, I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair . .
Kevin decided on his account that day will come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he was happy.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What did it make you go back and give the hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``I'm listening.
They let me talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read it.
\" Dear Mr. British, Nothing erase the events of March 11, and you are one of the reasons Kevin goes on with us . .
Honestly, I think Kevin was clear for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly measured.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious of all those inherited traits, but thank God, we now know that.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We give God for you.
It's honestly in debt with you, Narass Bermistic . ''
And at the end, she writes,``Stop . When I visited San Francisco's General Hospital that night, you figure out as the patient.
\" I know I had to solve it! ''
Currently, Kevin is a loving father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression to hope that his story inspired others.
suicide is not just something that I've found myself at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather is successfully suicide.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, I steal the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most people suicide, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about encouraging another person.
They just want their own pain to end.
Typically, this is achieved only three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved in, I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who talked about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the end, I looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, sorry, but I have to go . ''
And I went out.
Awful, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we've got to contact in that bridge are not suicide.
Also, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived, and they can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one who left the railing they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge is not only connected by San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that each and every one of us must force us to do.
The suicide can prevent.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you don't, but you know what you are, and a question mark you, how do you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had had from a child.
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I'll refer to the ones that I'm later late, when I look at this picture, I think, Gene, you get it, you get.
But last October, I discovered that, just, I'm starting.
We all embody our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to release, to get rid of the limitations tax of skin color or by the beliefs of who they surround us.
They're people who always challenge the status quo, what is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even, ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called revelation.
This is mine.
I was reminded as``child, because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I was always wearing this t-shirt.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to engage.
The gender has always considered an unlikely fact, but we now know that it's something more complex and mysterious . .
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I think I'm going to be a bad thing, but how the world is treating those of us who want to liberate.
Every day I appreciate being a woman.
I have mom, dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asia culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess, a girl goddess.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me: This is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still wearing a man, I met this woman called cloth.
It's the director of a consumer beauty competition.
And she asked me,``Why haven't you been participating in the beauty of beauty? ''
He told me that if she participated, she would get rid of the waste and the waste and the weight, , and that night, he won in the bathroom suit, he won in the game suit, and there was a third end between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty queens.
Not many people can say that their first job was a beauty of women's beauty, but I can.
I also met the disappeared goddess, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me, and told me that I was approved to the green card that I could go to live to the United States.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother,``Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said,``You know that if you move to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two``and"to my name.
She also accompanied me when I was in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they make surgery more prestigious, sophisticated and safe.
At the time in the United States, it was necessary to do the surgery before changing the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name Gene and the``F"of female gender . .
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignified.
Suddenly, my fears were lying.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of my name of Heath Networks.
A young woman in New York who would clearly live his truth, , but that, she was desperate, he put his life up.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November we make a global surveillance by the The Common Day of Transcends.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who fight and stood up to injustice.
These are Marshall P Johnson and Sylvia River . .
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live with without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exposing, so that someday there are no more virtual of November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . Kathryn Schulz: Gene, a quick question.
George Rocket: Sure . first, thank you with all my blessings.
My support network, my parents especially, to my family, who itself is very strong.
I remember all the time I've been to young women, that I've ordered, and sometimes, when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it . I took the phone, I called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we're all assigned by a gender at birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that non-zero-sum assignment, and that there should be a space that would allow people to engage . And this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is starting with the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
You should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents are generally known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter, and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts had been threatened in 2011, he had the Jewish National Prize of peace, he became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but I'm now his father . .
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at human history, women history is the history of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when you're born a girl, your birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome, not for his father, not for his mother.
And the neighborhood comes, gives his conditions to the mother and nobody happy to the father.
And a mother is overwhelming a lot to have a girl.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When you give birth to the second daughter, it's shocked, and with the hope of a son, when you raise your third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal . .
Not just mother suffers, but the daughter . The newly born daughter, when it grows, it suffers as well.
At age five, when she should go to school, he stays home and school admit his siblings.
Up to age 12, somehow, has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into the adolescence, when it takes 13 years, it's pushed it out of his house without a male dealer.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he turns the code of that honor supposed, he could even kill her.
And it's interesting that this assumptions of honor, not only affects the life of a boy, also affects the lives of the male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters in name of the honor.
And there's a greater norm of the patriarchal societies that are called observation.
A good girl has to be very quiet, very humble and very smooth.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be quiet and accept the decisions of their father and their mother and the elders' decisions, even if they don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it or if you marry it with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a designer.
If you get very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it destructive.
And what happens in the end?
In the words of a poet,``The married, they start it, and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, included the same lesson of opening to his daughter and the same honor lesson to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
I wanted brothers and sisters, when Malawi was born, and for the first time, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at her eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honored . .
And long before I was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Mandela, and I called my daughter like that . .
But when I looked, they were all men, and I would grab my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote,``Bad . ''
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half and a half years old, I admired her in my school.
You might ask, why should I mention a girl's admission in a school?
Yeah, I have to mention.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child's life.
And I'm going to be interested in a school means the recognition of your identity and your name.
An admissions to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was fulfilling the Canadian vision form, and I was on the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the apartments of some of my sisters . .
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my written sisters in no document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the safety of my daughter.
I was encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to see me.
I encourage it to go with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this was not just for her, for Malawi.
I've struck all these good values in my school and boys alike.
I used education for entrepreneurship.
I taught my daughters, teach students, forget the lesson of the obesity.
He taught students to forget the lesson of the condition called the sentence.
brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, women's rights.
It was called telecommunication.
That means a complete denial of women participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the short girls and the singers killed.
They suffered millions, but a few talked, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and pull out when you talk about your rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10, Malaysia got up and lifted on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, she was offered herself for the New York Times documentaries, and he talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread like a climate around the world.
And that was the reason the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign, and on October nine , 2012, they were shooting into the head.
It was a favorite day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was discussing between life and death, I whispered to my wife,``Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter, your daughter? ''
And he immediately said,``Please don't blame.
It's a fair cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and joined.
They were both on the right path and God will protect it . ''
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital, and he had severe pains and strong headaches, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm fine with my smoke and the entertainment in my face.
I'll get good . Please don't worry . ''
It was a constellation for us, and we're consumed.
Dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his task.
He fights with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What about special in my tutor that has done so bold to Malawi so brave, expressive and economics? ''
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't.
He didn't cut their wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you, recently, I've joined the Moomers, of Google, where I've had a split to my office -- the visualization of Google X, but all the work I'm talking about today about the brain science, I did before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you get into a brain operation.
Are you still equal or not?
If you're not, can you be smart?
After the neurosurgeon, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what quantity to take, more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I did nothing, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mix mixes, and try to get them, to keep alive.
More than once I've been saved.
But luckily, I have a soul of experiment, so I decided I would experience to try to get the optimal dose because there really doesn't be a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes, and I was surprised to see how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my anti-construction, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a man of 20s, and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and -- -- of course, many times in the past I've met various types like this, or maybe some of the versions of it.
It turns out as a end.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be arrogant . .
In fact, I was trying, a bit insecure, fixing a problem that had the front, and it just didn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through.
What I was trying to do, when I adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, was to reclaim my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking, my idea flow.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key point: how do I get those mental images that I use to create prosperity, my ideas, if you want? New ideas and recreating situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
philosophers like Humberto, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people who are questioning this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . For me it's simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So, after several years, I'll find the right point, and I have lots of great mental magnets, really vivid, good sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to carry these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use their imagination only to direct the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments done by two recorded groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional MRI, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by George Gates and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scanning of the brain of a person who looks at an image.
The media column shows the brain scan of that same individual while imagined, watching that same image.
The column on the right was created by getting the content of the central column of the one on the left . It looks like the difference is almost zero-sum.
This repeats in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost zero-sum.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is the lab of Jack Galapago in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn brain waves into recognized visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it was shown to people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were scanned to create a great deal of brain reactions in the video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan, decided to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer conditions, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us background.
We're fine to do it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it's created in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the brain scanning systems of higher resolution available today, and its resolution increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase resolution about a thousand times to get a deeper look.
How do we get it?
There's a lot of techniques to do that.
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes.
I don't offer me for that.
Many are providing new imaging techniques for images, including me . counting with the recent outcome of MRI, first we have to ask the following, this technology will be the end of the road?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, not increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets, make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a spirit.
And why does this care?
Over the last few years, a lot of effort on MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most recent advances in revelation of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding, in the transmitter and radio frequency receptors in MRI systems.
At the same time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use state patterns attached to the FM radio frequencies.
So, by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio frequency processing, we can actually increase the information that you can extract in a single scan.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create increase in the thousands that we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not only the fluid of blood oxygen, but the hormones and neutrons that I mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity . This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go above language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable?
And how will we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is big.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few more options than opening this door.
So anyway, you choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that taking a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have weapons.
His closet may be to say to some person for the first time that love it or tell somebody who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other conversation that you've been interested in in life.
Every closet is a difficult conversation, and even though our topics can really vary, the experience of having lived them and have come out of that closet is universal.
It's scary, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked in the South Side Wall Cash, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of the liquid military: not to break my armpits, to quote the letters of Ann Di Franco as a letter . .
And I'm going to be aware that because of my short screen, and because I shave my head recently, I was normally asked,``Hey, are you a kid or girl? ''
And it would be an awkward silence on the table.
I would play my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a lawyer left.
The father would be employed the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold look at her son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would go into it.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a boy or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time was ready, and I was about to get full of the female affairs on the table . It had Betty Friedman's quotes.
The quote of Gloria Steinem.
Even a protection of the``Vagina Monologues"I would show.
So I would breathe up, and I lowered my gaze and my backs, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at me what's not a challenge for a feminist owner, just a girl with a question,``Are you a kid or girl? ''
And so I'd breathe a lot of my breath, and I put up close to her, and I said,``Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see a little boy, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than a guy of a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me, I looked at attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is purple and it has a fish.
Can you give me a pause, please? ''
And that was all . just``Ah . You're a girl.
What about the park I asked? ''
It was the easiest conversation that I've ever had.
And why? Because the girl's girl and I, both, we were honest with one another.
So as many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and I know, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in darkness, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different than you or you or you.
Surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why to come out of my closet was harder than coming out of yours, but this is the issue: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that explain to somebody who has declared in broken bank is harder than telling you it's been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story I tell you is more difficult than telling your five years to go to divorce?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop classification that is difficult to be hard to what's difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our arms, and we must just feel empathy because we all live something hard.
Somewhere in our lives, we all live in closet, and they may make sense for safety, or at least more security than the other side of the door is offering.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and the high heels.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four years to go into coffee.
I was frozen for fear, curled in a corner of my dark closet pushing my fat gay, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I ever did.
My family, my friends, strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to don't tell you, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that fat, you'll kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was on my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the invited people knew that it was gay, and when I did my honor ladies, in my black and tailor dress, I walked around the tables, and I finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me about my parents.
And after talking a moment, one of the women shouted,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the battle of the gay story had begun.
\" Oh, once you were in the Castro? ''
\" Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's fabulous . ''
\" Ah, you know my Athlebeath statistics?
It's very good, and he never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
\" Oh, what's your favorite TV program?
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who we love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, puzzled, but waiting for desperately showing her support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as you have all the grain launchers.
Surely, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt denied.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were working.
And what else can you ask anyone to ask somebody, but to force?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anybody I have come out with.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Galapagos of the Galapagos.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it means to come out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor . Be you.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be genuine, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . Just give it out . They take their patches.
If you know that they're gay, giving it out.
If they say to their parents that maybe they might be gay, they would keep the hope that that could change.
Don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly -- let's leave complex.
You communicate their truth.
They never apologize for that.
And some can come out safe wounds, apologize for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, , but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you meet in a dark closet by pushing a grenade, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you might feel very alone, but you're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the candle.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Denisor Diagraphy that``The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When I wrote this, I did this as a critique to the pioneers of the computer like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I understood a program to try to understand fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's take a step back.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that it's a alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of Earth and the neuroscience of the Earth and the intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept about the intelligence of the Earth, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to a certain time in time, the asteroids that will determine the surface of a mysterious planet stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, that they were pointing, I think, to a only underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted for the development of intelligence, and in particular for developing universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for several years, is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent of an E = I mean, the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the options open, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future accessible, yes, to an impending future time, Turkish.
In few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay trapped.
intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, looking at this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence predicts?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or``entropy ,"during their life, should have trends to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that toxic cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy, , actually it comes directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called entropy, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that's inside.
Amazingly, entropy was able to spend multiple animal intelligence tests, playing human games, and even earn money by making action, all of them without being reported to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a human standing of foot without falling, here we see August equilibrium automatically by using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave entropy a goal.
He just decided for his account balance.
This ability of balance will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This use of tools of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling away from a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can actually perform a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Anthropology is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a gift game against itself, illustrate its potential for play.
So here we see entropy to organize new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the network successful.
This same network of network orchestra also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see entropy organizing the routes of a ship floating, discovering successfully and using Panama's Canal to expand the world's reach from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see entropy spontaneously discovering and execute a share of compassion, selling in a simulated series of action negotiation, successfully increasing assets under its management exponentially.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wischippiest: : What you've seen is that a variety of intelligent cognitive human behavior such as tool use, walking upright and social cooperation, all derive from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
Let's go back to the beginning of the robot's term robot, the``RSA"work;, that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines would rise against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of the cyber rebellion to the reverse.
It's not that machines first become intelligent and then menstruators and they're trying to get out of the world.
It's the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than intelligence, that general intelligence can actually come up directly from taking control, rather than the other way.
Another important consequence is the search for objective.
And I often ask me, how is it that looking for goals to get out of this kind of framework?
My equivalent to that statement to go to offspring to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We are at a tipping point in human history, something between the concert of stars and losing the planet we call home.
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kepler Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points that the Earth is just one between the billions of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the smaller intensity of the stars when the planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes.
The data collected by Kepler show the size of the planets in addition to the distance between them and their mother star.
It helps us understand whether these planets are small and rock like the Earth planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they receive from their suns.
At the same time, this gives clues on whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is running under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the hottest registered.
Glaciers and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on a global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, no astronomer.
I'm studying the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the makeshift sector.
Now, as someone really interested in search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for planets like Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the planet, and the planets that we know best: the ones of our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially habitable world demonstrated by a mission like the Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied Mars so much.
Our Rovers like``Curiosity"will trace its surface in search of clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Magic mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has lost his ability.
private companies now offer not only short space flights, but also the temptation of living on Mars.
But even though all these marine images remind us to the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the cutting-edge ideas and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still remain to colonize, really exuberant places compared to Mars.
Even in the driest and most elevated places of the Earth, the air is fresh and offender of oxygen by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other people's colonization, I have a big, sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some of the things that Mars will expect to save us from this influence of the only planet that we know is truly habitable, Earth.
As much as I like the infrastructure exploration, I'm deep in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party actually will have place later in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the targets for the international exploration and the Earth preservation don't control.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world as alien paintings.
They're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in hostile areas and indistinguishable areas of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: Fermi's paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist of Enrico Fermi asked me: that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important the origin is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only the infrastructure colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to deal with the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I jumped my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking in my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window they were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all right.
I thought I was calling a barrier, at least I had my cell phone, but in midnight, a writer could take a long time to get, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night, because I had a flight from Europe to the next morning, and I witnessed my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a border in a middle night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I'd go out well stop.
I'm a professor of profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
cortisol release that increases heart rate, model the levels of adrenaline and the thinking.
And when I got to the manufacturing counter in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started asking myself, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in its place, which will prevent bad things.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the probability of being a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but to a month later, my thoughts didn't release.
I was dealing with my colleague Danny Khan, the Nobel Prize winner, and a little embarrassed I talked about I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called representative representative.
It's something he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written this a few years before, known as the premise.
Everybody knows what the dessert is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In premise, as Danny explanation, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, , you try to figure out what you can do to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a commodity.
Some of them are evident, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will make a place for things that are lost easily.
This sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where it's the good, where the fish are, which makes fruit trees, where they live the tribes and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's grown in the London taxi.
It's the part of the brain that allows squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the warm sense of squirrels, and they still could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing the car keys, reading glasses and passports.
So at home, they get a place for the keys, a hook along the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular crate.
For their reading glasses, a particular message.
If you make a place, and you're students with it, your things will always be there when you search them.
What about travel?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit cards, license of driving, passport, send your email to yourself to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate the substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
The cortisol is toxic and entry thinking.
So part of the practice is to recognize that under stress we will not be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on its site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is irritating as a property for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for financial decision-making and social decision-making, any kind of decision that you have to take that you would benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, heart attack, brain spill.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce your cholesterol, a statue . ''
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and it knows that it's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today . Even you may know people who take them.
And so you think,``Yes, , I'll give you the statue! ''
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistic that you should ask for most doctors don't want to talk, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NSA, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NSA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or get to a surgery in any medical procedure before they help a person.
And you should think about what kind of crazy statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't recognize me if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor's fault, and if it's blame of somebody, it's scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But the Germany estimates that 90 percent of drugs work about 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recognized statue, which think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This according to the research of the cynical researchers, Jeremy Graham and Pamela Harrigon, confirmed independently by Bloomberg.
I myself explore numbers.
300 people have to take medicine for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, the brain spill or another adverse event.
Now you might think, ,``Well, one probability in 300 of all down my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a statistic more, and it's,``Talk to the side effects ."Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And they include terrible things: debilitating, musical pain, a fatal pain, but now they think,``Five percent isn't very likely to happen to me, still to take medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think of clarity.
So think about how it would take over time, so they don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped them, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get down by the drug that help you medicine.
I don't say they should or don't take the statue.
I just say you have to have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of crash, but actually this number needs to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that's done in the older men in 50, spread of cancer prostate, the number needs to deal with is 49.
That's it , 49 surgeries for a person that has helped.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impacts or dysfunction, urban inequality, straight language, fecal engineering.
And if you're lucky, it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just last a year or two.
So the idea of premise is to think before the questions that you can pose that will drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a shorter life free, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortisol under stress, and one of the things that happens at that time is that a lot of systems are switched off.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, it doesn't need the digestive system, or the library or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast . They could become the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational language thinking, like Danny Kane and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train us to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all flawed.
We're all going to fail at the same time.
The idea is to think about the future, how they could be those failures, to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the damage, or to prevent bad things to happen in the first place.
Kuddining the night of snow in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination along the door, with a key of the door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards I have not ordered, and lots of emails I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter:``P"is my favorite music symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``P in the score, you need to play more softly.
Two feet.
Four feet' extremely soft.
This is my drawing of a tree tree, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of feet can never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs, the ATLS, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
French sign language came over the 1800s, and over time, it mixes with local signs, and the language is developed that we know today as ALS.
So, it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sounds, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, complexity, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my loudspeakers and amplify sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example.
\" Don't throw the door!! ''
\" Don't do a lot of noise when you eat the potato potato bag! ''
\" Don't mistakes, and when you're eating, you make sure you're not going to put the covers on the dish . ''
All of this is called sound tags.
Maybe I think of sound tag more than the average person does it.
I'm super-end of sounds.
And I'm always waiting for the sound of sound, which is about coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, to decide.
The TEDx, for continuing.
AB: for advertising.
You can see that the penguin has no notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and small boats.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the person's point for penguin.
A typical painting has five lines.
However, to me, to do my thumb, that's not natural.
That's why in my drawings, I only have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and while I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that point, sound was the trend, and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my territory of art.
Is it going to distance me more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim sound ownership and integrate it into my artistic practice.
And everything they had taught me in sound, I decided to leave it and understand it.
I started to create a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I received.
I realized sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
In the background of my mind, I always felt that sound was alien, it was something of a listener.
And sound is so powerful that well I could debate me and my artistic work, or I could be empowered.
I chose I would be empowered.
There's a massive culture around language spoken.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, to the eyes of society, it's like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me equally equally and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with a lot of different performers from AOLS.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you borrow your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value, something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could get into the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound as my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised to see the similarities between music and the ATLS.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express on the paper.
And the same thing can say from a concept in AOL.
The two are very spatial and highly modular, which means that subtle changes can affect all of the signs as much as the sounds.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so that they understand better how the ATLS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The U.S. is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different parameter for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so, while you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if it's just going to put one keyboard at a time.
However, the ATLS is more like a chord, you need the 10 fingers in a simultaneous form to express a clear concept or an idea in AOL.
If only a keyboard would change the chord, create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone, timbre and volume.
In AOLS, when you use these different grammar parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the``tap on that . ''
This is the``tap on that . ''
I'm watching you.
Looking at.
Oh, I was charged.
Ooh oh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, enough!!
So I started thinking, and if I look at the AIDS through the lenses of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could become like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of``day ,"the sun comes out and put.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it visually looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say about``all night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different types of evening,``night ,"`` during the night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ATLS and how distance the body can express changes over time.
For example, one hero . It's a hand, two heroes . It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then,``past . ''
\" Common time"is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per partner.
However, when I see the word``common time"I think automatically in``at the same time . ''
Look at PMS: right hand, E: left hand.
We have the penguin through the head and the chest.
[ Face: MD, amber flame] [`` Common] [In the chest: My Grand ,"I'm going to show you a shape of the hand called``flat limb.
Can you do it with me?
Everybody with the hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head like chest, something like``common time"or```` at the same time . ''
Yeah, very good.
That means``fall ,"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"in the ATLS.
Now, the third . Please get me back.
And again.
It's``lighting"in the ATLS . .
We're going to do the three together.
\" Leaving ,"`` colonization"and``lighting . ''
Good work all.
Look at how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how ALS is alive and thriving, like music.
However, today, we live in a very authoritarian world today.
And only because the U.S. has no sounds, automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start questioning what social value defines the social value and allow the U.S. to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AOLS, not to learn to learn music.
The German is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love.
Thank you.
Dennis Karakah: Oh, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me,``You can tell everything, but then you have to clean it up . ''
Freedom implies responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or a bubble of ignorance I must say, because adults lie to us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also don't have to be very good at cleaning each other.
Time happened, now I'm an adult, and I teach a citizen and invention at the Harbor School of Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait for a lot for my students to walk around the beach with lots of garbage.
So as a good citizens, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it's, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a spooky thing.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity, and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So, along with my students, with six to 15 years, we were having a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this kind of advanced height, so that the very low kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we expect to work.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we'll only collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are really excited about robots.
Then we quickly created what we call``a prototype . ''
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we ended before lunch.
And we transform lamps and web cameras in accessories and we put it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and by the plastic we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see plastic chunks slowly floating through the sensor while the computer on board will process this image and measure the size of each particle, to get an estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We did this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called``Institutions ,"with the hope that someone best . .
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
[ I can investigate my local problem], but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they get the Internet, and they had this image.
A child, maybe under 10 years old, cleaning up a oil spill, just using hands, in Sudan, the largest mangrove rainforest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that drinks, it's the water that they bathe, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown, the mud and oil is also brown, and when everything gets mixed, it's very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there is a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can navigate through all kinds of substances that produce different species, that can help identify what's in the water.
We teach this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
And the great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children remotely.
[ I can investigate a distance problem] I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they have a number of giant waves, called the tsunami, and those tsunamis destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant from Fukushima, a nuclear core near water.
And today, according to the reports, an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has contact charges for Cumbernia.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has safe looks, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, land, river, and this time we wanted to take kids.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the control center -- here you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did, because they're going to have to live with radio all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data that's collected that day and talk about what we were going to do after, the strategies, the aesthetics, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the lift map, we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radiation, and we sprinkle water to simulate rain.
With this, we were able to notice that radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain towards the Arab system and depressed in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We came up to a mile of nuclear core, and with the help of the fishermen of the area, we were collecting sediments from the sea milk with a sediment tracking as we invented and build . .
Here's a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies, and very simple source technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turn it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optics, basically, can be built almost out there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children' dreams can become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!
censor Harriad: :: Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or, can we help the mobility of advanced age population transforming their standard wheels in new electric vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radioactivity are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect children in the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, rodents, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other of a single silk thread.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic . .
One is imposing on the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other for her.
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the marble marble, he saw a figure that struggle for being free.
The principal was unique for Michelangelo.
But the living ones are not clear.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all the information I required it for every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by the rules of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts, by setting up the imagination of designers and trained architects to think their objects as a discrete parts of different functions.
But you don't find a suspected material assembly in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with dialogue pores.
The skin skins are more thick with small pores.
You act mainly as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, , and yet it's the same skin: no parts, no assembly.
It's a system that gradually vary its functionality through variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my vision of the divided world, double personality of every designer and architect in working today between the cigarette and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, shows in the two screens after me.
My job, at its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, getting out of the assembly and reaching growth.
You probably wonder: why now?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live at a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where it's four disciplines that offer designers access to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students . .
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scales, large-scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a verbal base that some day not very far to print entire buildings -- and graphics to nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms that shine in the dark.
So here we've reinvented the heat, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where every aperture is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility to create a layer and a skirt . This was for a Paris's fashion parade with Iran van Hirony . It's like a second skin made from one piece, which is broken in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Along with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and skirt 3D without costs between cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combining rigid materials and soft materials in 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a TED scanner.
That designers have access to this high-tech analytical and the synthetic instruments, allows to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable and also absorb sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, went back to nature to inspire, and by designing this pattern of irregular surface, it becomes abroad.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness, opportunity and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, would vary its functionality, not by adding another material or another assembly, but by looking forward and radically material ownership.
But is the ideal nature?
Isn't there parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what matters me.
As she stands, ,``On the third day of the Creation, God sent the Earth to grow up a fruit loaded fruit tree.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruit . .
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land was growing trees with branches, cortex, streets and flowers.
Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask me,``What would design be if objects were made of a single piece? ''
Will we go back to a better state of creation? ''
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant biomass on the planet is called quality, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We thought if we could tune their properties, we could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal marriage . We were asking a lot of shrimp shrimp, and we mold them and we produced fun pasta.
Looking at chemical concentrations, we've been able to get a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, it was built a system with multiple endows of extraction controlled politically.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made by a single material three feet long , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, you let them dry to find a natural form of contact with air.
So why do we keep designing plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical microorganisms that showed for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we embedded the bacteria genetically to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of it to mesh, and if you get even more, to windows.
A fruit loaded tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a man-made structure of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree . .
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, feed marine life; and placed on the ground, help grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the interactive travel.
To do that, we have to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we made our own elements of elements: new forms of life created computational, and adventured forms and unconsciously increased.
I like to think about synthetic biology as liquid alchemy, only instead of transferring precious metals, synthesized new biological functions within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microorganisms were combined.
The first one is the physiology.
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that lies in the human intestine.
One turns the light in sugar, the other use sugar and produces the useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature . .
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution by design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, that will help you flow these bacteria and alter your way of function.
So we started growing those channels in the human body, looking at the properties of the material according to desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we wanted more transparent channels.
This wearable digestive system, when it would stretch from one end to another, it reaches 60 meters.
This is half of the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a principle at TED, our first portable philosopher, bright linear channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said,``We're a fashion of fashion, only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would they repair the damaged tissue, and they held our bodies?
Think of this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature . .
Now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows . Aimee with sophistication.
This gap of the worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it's metabolized.
Not addiction is about this level of sophistication.
It makes it through the combination not of two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
An act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, using those fibers each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to thread a cocoon of compression.
tension and compression, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand how this complex process works, we pasted a small magnet at the head of a silk worm, to the ice . .
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of silk worm.
However, when I put the silk worm on a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that it would hurt a flat map and still market . .
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that shape, composition, the cocoon structure, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They are often hiering silk worms to death inside their cocoon, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates, we could shape the raw silk without a single cocoon.
They would be married, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a strike robot doing silk plants, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms towards more dark and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or openings, to block the rays of light and heat, distributed silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to receive the caterpillar.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a silk farm online.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to thread with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and as they danced, they wrote, they mate, they put eggs, and the life begins again, like us, but much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
When you get biological silk on the screening silk, you give all this pavilion your integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 6,000 silk worms knit 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The pills, after the collection, produces 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A spider silk through a robotic arm, the other empty cow.
If the last frontier of design is to lead the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to unite these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new age of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from a design inspired in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make nature of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked you,``What do you want to be more? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they asked them for the first time?
You can show them with fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question``What do you want to be? ''
They've caused them some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be more? ''
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, the killing and art and developed websites . In addition to the guitar in a punk band called Telescope frustrated.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And I usually like to try and persist anyway, for having dedicated a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something totally different, and I dive into it, and I let me absorb, and I'm like,``Yes! I've found my mind ,"and then again this point where I start bored.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, denied all of my other passions, and rescue me.
Another reason I fell so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong with this, and something wrong with me is not to define anything.
I worried to be afraid of engagement, or to be dispersed, or to self-destructive or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have planned then.
Ask yourself, where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned from culture.
And we said,``What do you want to be more? ''
It's about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer at that age.
It's considered an naive question to deliver cute answers in children like,``being astronomical, or``be a dancer"or``I want to be pirate.
You're going to insert the Halloween detercent here.
This question is being done over and over again as we grow in various ways, P, and high school students are asked that they're going to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be more? ''
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what sleep takes away.
Why?
While this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, not inspired to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond with 20 different things, even though you're well-intentioned adults, and they say,``Oh, , what a nice, but you can't be a violin and a psychologist.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Children, and he's a picture of violence and psychotherapy.
And this Amy Neighborhood, journal editor turned into illustrator, business, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very idealistic in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or real vocation, the idea that each of us has something to spend during their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel just.
You can feel that it doesn't have a target.
And I'll feel that there's something wrong with you.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multi-to-third.
A crowd is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a board to say.
It could help if it divided in three parts: multiple, potential and diet.
And you can also use other terms that make the same idea, as an scholar, a Renaissance.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was okay in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sard refers to us as``scanners . ''
They use any term you like or invent you.
It seems to me as a kind of adaptation to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see the crowd as a limitation or a military that you have to beat.
But what I've learned with people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths to be like this.
Here are three multi-tend superpowers here.
One: ideas of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
She and Rachel bionic expressed their interests shared in cartography, visualization of data, travel, math and design, by founding Messon . .
Message is a company that creates genius inspired jewelry.
A there, and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his collective ecology of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas come from.
And the crowds, with all their background, can access a lot of these intersection points.
The second multi-to-thing superpower is fast learning.
When we multiply ourselves for something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being beginners, because it's been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transformative to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we pursue, so we rarely start from zero.
Now, the Netherlands is a full-time trip and independent writer.
As a child pianist, a incredible capacity of developing muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanics known.
Before I became a writer, it was a financial planner.
He had to learn the most end sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for editors.
Rarely, it's a waste of time to dedicate what you're attracted to, even if at the end of it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third multi-to-thing superpower is adaptability . It's the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abed Carter is sometimes director director, others, web pages, sometimes consultant of Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes, apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does good work.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles, depending on the needs of their clients.
The Fast Company magazine defined adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that are the individuals and organizations that can pivot to satisfy market needs, which will really thrive.
synthesis of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability: three abilities where crowds are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the crowds to be themselves.
We have complex, multidimensional problems right now, and we need to have creative creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly, because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you.
In fact, some of the best teams are composed of a specialist and a multi-trailer exposure.
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice, and the crowd offers a amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are going to manage how we are connected.
And unfortunately, multi-tendable crowds are encouraged to simply be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing that you get from this talk, I hope it's this: gathering with the internal wiring, whatever.
If you are a heart specialist, then, special for all media.
That's where you will give the best.
But for the crowds in the room, including those who have just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I'm telling you, with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those rabbits.
They explore the intersections.
embracing our internal wiring leads us to a more authentic and more happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multi-to-thing, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In 1915, a woman named August led her to a psychiatric in Freedom.
I was supported and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alaska . .
I didn't know how to help August, but I was looking at it until, unfortunately, it passed in 2006.
After his death, Alas did an autopsy, and they found strange and short plates in the brain of August, a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If I was willing to have been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Alaska gave him 144 years ago.
Alisa was Dr. Los Alzheimer.
And according to the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1908, medicine has advanced a lot.
They've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections, many treatments for cancer, anthropologists for HIV, status for the cardiac and much more.
But it's recently been progress at Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about it all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million, by the way, including a lot of you.
If you wait to live until age 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their loved years with Alzheimer's or helping to care for a friend or to be loved with Alzheimer's.
Already in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and its costs are worth five times in 2050, as I age the generation of the baby baby.
I may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the largest medical challenges and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's one person who can't prevent, cure or even relate to their development.
We understand Alzheimer less than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's research, despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: lack of consciousness.
Because this is what people know, but everybody should: Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 41 years, all, even the scientists, confuse Alzheimer's aging with aging.
We think it will be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only one picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a patient of Alzheimer's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to having a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage to the brain caused the Alzheimer's significantly reduce life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer found plates and weird winding in the Internet brain about a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds as an origami.
There are places in the paper that are sticky.
And when it folds right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes protein molecules stay each other, forming groups that can form big plates and planes.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what happened to block is complex, like deciding a bomb.
And I could do anything.
Curtaining others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that I block, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, mostly the wires have been reduced and expected the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticists, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've been able to identify a critical step in the process . Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are pasting each other inside of them, like in Alzheimer's disease.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms on a early stage, then we see they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research as this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure . .
After 144 years of wait, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to beat Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to be aware that Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and if we try it, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and families have gotten more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move into HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to prevent cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones and night, are often too far to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases, a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, that can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help them talk for them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column, in January of this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience by testing myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are turned to make 36 questions more and more personal, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12: if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28: when was the last time you cried before another person?
And just?
In the middle, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: -- this really like -- Tell your partner what it's like, or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to somebody that you've ever met.
When I stumbled through this study a few years ago, a detail really struck me, the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited everything from lab to ceremony.
So, I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the time to test this study, someone who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to fall in love.
Now, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column of the Lovely Museum a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably wonder: Are you still still?
And the reason I think you're questioning this is because I've been asked over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But we go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been invited to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can get to a few hundreds of views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and I imagined that my article in the New York Times would reach a few thousand views.
And that was a good load of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he went, he had no idea.
The article was published on a Friday night, and the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday, I've been called the Today Show and the Google Mobile America.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with sincerity about loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of a has been international news and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always, they did the same question: Do they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email with the phrase,``Do you still follow together? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and asked it.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed up to the stage,``Hey Mandela where your boyfriend is? ''
And I immediately put it red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the reserve of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have come alive.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine, which included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public approach together.
He took television interviews, and he refused the orders of photos of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the unintended icons of the emotion process, a range for which I didn't feel at all . .
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked, they wanted to know whether it really worked: , whether it was able to produce a permanent love, not just an adventure, but a real love, a permanent love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially, people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we were going to follow together or not, and I'll tell you?
If the answer was not, would the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in the same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead, he sought to foster interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aron called sustained, sustained, progressive and reciprocal personal . .
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer to doing that . Several subsequent studies used the Protocology Valdez protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposing political ideologies.
The original version of history, which proved last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately it never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small university of liberal arts, and then a student came up to me and told me,``I tried the studio and didn't work . ''
He seemed puzzling for it.
And I'm like,``Do you mean that you love the person with whom you did? ''
Well he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said,``But became better friends? ''
Did you feel that you managed to know better after testing the study?
The seat.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think that's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled through the studio for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, that I was supposed to practically all my adult life, and he was my first true love, and I had no idea how or she could live without him.
So I became a science.
And I was researching everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could kind of get my heart into a way.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just research for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad, and just as I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see you more clearly, , and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than what you can reasonably tell me.
What I look for from love is a guarantee, not just being loved today and being loved by tomorrow, but to continue to be loved indefinitely by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media said about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very appealing story, because fall in love makes us feel beautifully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask: Do you still follow together?
And his content with an S or no.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like: How do you decide who deserves your love and who's not?
How will we stay in love when things are complicated, and how to know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the short version of the story of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, a well-known study, and I designed to create romantic love, we fall in love, we still follow, and I'm very happy.
But fall in love is not the same thing to stay in love.
Excitement is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote: love didn't happen.
We're going to stay in love because we take the choice to be.
And I got a little bit when I read it now, not because it's true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to be.
I don't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and the time I have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he always chose me or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, I've chosen to love someone so generous, nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest daily in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship to the kind of myth that I don't really think.
And what I'm looking for, and what maybe I'm going to spend my life is that that myth is true.
I want the ending impact on the title of my article, which is, by the way, the only part of the article I actually didn't write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little bit of flags in the mountain, and I sort of got a little bit like a forest.
A time ago in New York City a time ago, something that really affected me, but more detail.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill, a pen and a fork on it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humanoid or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's grace because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a moment, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from exciting and surfing and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collage for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I grabbed all the pages and I made a kind of square cells to the Agnes Martin style, the resin covered and a bee stuck.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: -- somehow it seemed to rise in size, as if you would look at the text with a magnifying magnifying.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow back, draw the same way around a car in the crime scene.
And I took the objects and I created my own specialist of sense specimens.
First, buttons -- that you can make an idea.
Then I did some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to simplicity.
It was great, man . .
At some point I'm interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to drawing on a window, then on another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very big, that I call``trick . ''
For the tropics, I was largely inspired in``The Garden of Delicions ,"which is a painting at the Museum Museum in Spain.
You know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of his time.
Well, trafficking . I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
15 meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there's Jesus and logos.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, this analog mesh infrastructure where they hide.
This is where creatures with animals are headed in the face, ready to suicide in mass in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied into a rain.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the Horizon -- the oil platform of Mr. Bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that can find if they look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of malaria.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it spits oil in a hand while the other hand comes out.
Their hands are like balance, and it seems a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's a trick aspect.
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit up.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a nose, like a bird summit, and you spit clouds from this trap.
It also has a two-dimensional tail of a snake tail that binds into the tropics . .
Anyway, his tail is finding fire when they put on a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a clue eyeball made from terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s as if the terrorists' baseball cards.
Very ahead of their time . This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: : One is called psychopaths.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines.
But each one acts as a kind of file in ways of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . I'm taking you years.
Each one is basically a microscope engine that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head;, it's the chest, you can train the input.
And I'm going to take you through the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or no non-extraordinary, or whatever it has, a kind of an analog thing.
It's a quick repair of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body in half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out and enter the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene within the typical cavity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called President Word.
Inside this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emitter, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We send the box and all the people inside with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who's and the box that's living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, the borders, the religion, it doesn't work.
We are all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with sweetness, and generally we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them your head?
Take an argument.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first of the stomach, the intestines and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and most effective system, so that any drug underpins effect in the body.
The disadvantage, though, is that when you swallow any drug, it's dilute.
And this is a big problem, especially in HIV patients.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CEO of CDC cells.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take to get to the blood stream, they dilute, and worse even for the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it's more important: in the HIV warehouse.
These are the brain regions like lymph lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is intrinsic and it doesn't easily enter in the blood storm of patients that are subjected to regular drugs with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with current drugs that is a lifelong treatment for the oral.
One day, I sat down and thought,``Could we make the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of medicine of drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: lasers, of course.
If you're used in dentistry, for the care of wounds and diabetes of diabetes, you can be used for anything imaginable, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, and they open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
And they're like,``How is that possible? ''
We sent a small and powerful laser beam on the cell membrane, while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug . .
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in terms of microseconds.
Before you even realize, the hole is immediately repaired.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or on Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three head device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incision in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, leads to infection site.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied the non-state groups -- armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
I used to be a disaster between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, in the 256 peace agreements between 1975 and 2011 , 1960 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups; we should even engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do it?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and not armed politicians are related.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global view.
armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Health Lebanese, known for its violent face against Israel . .
From its creation in the 1980s, Health has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hamas, known for his suicide attacks against Israel, also manage the Gaza de Gaza since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex communication machinery: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here's the ISA magazine, printed in English and published to recruit.
armed groups also invest in a complex recording of funds without looting, but through profitable business -- for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand . .
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put professional training programs or microbial training programs.
Health offers all these services and more.
armed groups are also trying to conquer population by offering something that the state doesn't provide: security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn by war or even the beginning of the ISIS promotion, can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allow these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, election victory in 2006 of Palestinian Hamas cannot understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed groups and politicians, they participate in violent struggle and they give governance.
And the more complex and the sophisticated are these organizations, the less we can take them as a contrary to a state.
How do we call a group like Health?
They slept part of a territory, they manage all their functions, they collect the garbage, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is ISIS?
The lines are described.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrid nations, and the weaker the states are, like in the Middle East today, more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups, they will have to invest more in no military tools.
To fill that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and use peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better what incentives to offer the transition of violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but it will not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets, we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum, to fill that government gap that allowed these groups to thrive at a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are Venus, but I'm afraid that accepting the tag of``feminist"would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I became a bad feminist.
Or at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist ,"and then in interviews, people started calling me the Malawi feminist.
So what started as a personal joke devoted to myself and a deliberate cause, has become something bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminist, these furry women, angry with the men and they hated sex, as if that was something bad.
Today, I see what women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, look like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when they could be a feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation, a taboo and unpleasant word.
They took me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who says too, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman until he realizes that it's actually that woman, and he can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are infrarided: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same paycheck for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of harassment or violence.
We have right to use easily and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative controls or evangelical doctrines.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you need to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how we are affected, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: : I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are lots of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive to work, I hear rap music released to all volume.
Although the letter is degraded to women and deeply offer me, the classic``Salaria Shakespeare"of the Big Bang Twin is amazing.
\" Make it true with your wet t-shirt.
Party, give you, you know, it hurts your shell! ''
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely distributed by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all that I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the collection of garbage, the care of the machine and the machine maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see``The Back"and romantic comedy, and I have absurd fantasies from the fairy tales that are made.
Some of my crimes are more disappeared.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband's apartment, he's his choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too . .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is built in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solve this problem.
It requires conventional feminism that has ignored or distributed historically the needs of women of color, workers, gay and transgendered, women, white women, heterosexual, middle class.
Listen, if that's good feminist, I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens: as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put disaster in a pedestal.
We hope that the perfect thing.
When we're disappointed, we would remove them with a lot of the same pedestal, where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I've already considered me from that pen before you try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders, are afraid to be labeled as feminist.
They are afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I am feminist ,"for fear of what that tag means, for fear not to be able to fulfill with the very realistic expectations.
Let's take Beijing, or as I call it, the God.
Over the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
In the Museum of Museum 2014, at MTV, acting in front of the word``feminist"of three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this part of the pop embracing the feminism and make women know the young men who will be feminist is something to be proud.
Last time, cultural critics started endless arguments if Benki was not exactly feminist.
They rating their feminism, rather than just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of feminist, because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so carefully a lot.
We're so much beyond critical sensible and constructive criticism, to dissect the feminism of any woman, destroying it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of departure.
But what happens next?
We've gone from recognizing our imperfections to realize, going to action and be a little bit more courageous.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happily providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we explore change affecting their profits.
It's definitely difficult.
Why does its music have to be so sticky?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years old.
It's two wonderful, dedicated, brilliant girls, and also very brave . I want you to grow up in a world.
They are appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think in them, suddenly, the best option is visible as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as sport, and the Toronto Game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema somewhere else when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners like boxing sacks.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a enough number of women, so much to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are survivors, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making.
Now, we're not younger . Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions come to the top, people in the direct power and movie producers and music, CEOs, the legislators, the people who can make great decisions, the more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim our feminism, well, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist ,"says,``Would rather be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say it, especially, because I went through my voice, and the feminism helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to make what happened.
Some kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And with it, I came back to me.
It's a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also found that if it was a little brave, another woman could come and see me and realize that none of us is the world that the world is trying to tell us we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman . .
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit brave, when you more need such a value.
Just after Christmas last year , 133 children in California had measles for having visited Disney or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then goes through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Quebec.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something even worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that unleashed the control of autism and devices, decorated and decomposed by being a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Journal?
Doesn't believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world continue to have vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I had heard about her create their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates were still stable three or four children per 10,000.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
fundraising organizations like autism Supermanker refer to autism as an epidemic, as if if I could take a different child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Centers of Disease Control in Atlanta, what's going on, tend to be based on phrases like``amplified diagnostic criteria"and``a better detection of cases"to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language didn't dissipate a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks for his two-year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced to the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow progress and cancer in science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanel, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1947, Andrew published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, to join people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by waving their hands in front of their faces, but they were the press of the panic by beggars like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kantin speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, to declare that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome while collecting reference from places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the criteria in Rwanda for diagnosing autism were very restrictive.
So, for example, I was willing to give that diagnosis to children with convulsions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
He once became made that he had turned nine out of 10 children sent by other doctors to his consultant for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Rwanda was a smart man, , but part of his theories were not closed.
It classified autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and discarded parents.
These kids, he said, they've kept carefully in a refrigerator that doesn't hide.
At the same time, though, Andrew noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are going on in certain areas like music, math and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they turned two.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Andrew had a bad opinion of these skills, by affirming things like kids were just begging what they had heard of their parents, , desperate to earn their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, turning into invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that the researchers started to try and test the Kanti theory that autism was rare.
Loren Wong, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the cave mothers in Rwanda was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affectionate people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie.
Love and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susie without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Service of Health that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London and their colleague Judy Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They painted a suburb of London called Caltech to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw left that the Manya's model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't speak at all, while others were focused on their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or in the genealogy of reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in nice and seen squares, as Judith said, and saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Rwanda would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did nobody haven't been perceived of these kids before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1945, next year to the Mandela article, and then forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
And Andrew knew about this article of competition, but I avoided to mention it in his own work.
There wasn't even a translation to English, but luckily, the London husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who ran a clinic integrated with an inner school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for teaching children with learning differences were progress even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music types with music, and kids follow their games the Sunday afternoon.
Instead of blaming parents to cause autism, Asperger described it as a political disability of life that required competing forms of support and adapted spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and he dedicated to help development methods of education that were especially right for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that would tackle an amazing variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architects known in pop culture as the social scientist and the store teacher . .
He was beyond even saying, for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Long and Judy discovered that Andrew was wrong that autism was unhappy, as the parents were the causal.
Over the next few years, they worked quietly with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
In the late '80s and early '90s, their changes went into a surveillance, holding Kanti's limited model by a wide and inclusive of Asperger.
These changes didn't fall on broken.
Unfortunately, when London and Judith worked between bankers to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before it came out``Rain Man in 1988, only a small circle, commissioned by experts, knew what the autism was, but after the wireless performance of Dutan Hoffman, like Rama Babbage and the recognition of``Rain Man"with four awards of Academy, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world know what the autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of``Rain Man ,"the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnostics started to rise, just like they predicted London and Judith, actually hoped that it was, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that were deserved.
So Andrew Warner came to blame vaccines because of the diagnosis, a simple, powerful, self-destructive history, as bad history, as the theoretical theory that autism was inadequate.
If the current prevention of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are puzzles for solving the new medical advances, by approaching the term``neuroscience to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily disruptive, obviously social, and it suffers from a deficit attention deficit.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, which believed that the cure for the most incompatible aspects of autism are in understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zacardon Zacheons once said,``We need all the hands in covered to raise the ship of humanity . ''
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford waste or brain.
Thank you.
